His hat is not new, even though the hang hook is still attached.
Sorry security, it's hard to keep so many people in orange under control in Amsterdam ArenA.
However, only alcohol-free beer is served in the stadium so the crowd watched respectfully and did not bother security too much.
Some bored football-goers made paper airplanes out of the provided orange flags and threw them toward the field.
If the game was more exciting, maybe this would not have happened.
I walked into a restaurant and behind the hostess a screen of activity promptly composed: plates fled the kitchen pick up station; couples leaned in close over their chosen meals; chairs slid under the table; a party of four left the restaurant; laughter broke out over the conversations; wine was poured; glasses clinked; an appetizer selected; and there I stood     alone     only accompanied by thoughts oh seriously and should I go somewhere else? Intimidated by an organized brouhaha unfortunately reminiscent of grade school cafeterias where everyone formed their monolithic groups and everyday took to their unofficially held table, commenting over trays of slippery food, laughed - no giggled, and the only collective wish amongst the bobbing heads was to be an individual within a group, not just an individual.
My initial emotional reactions identical to the thorny ones of a new kid entering into this sort of eating hall, though with the more direct expletives acceptable for adult thought, but not broadcasted writing.
I took out my red notebook, its pen, picked up the menu, and ordered a glass of house red wine before settling into my night at my table for one.
Since grade school cafeteria days, ideas of individuality broadened and normalized as interests, talents, and aspirations formed new social structure in further education, which then came to crumble in front of preferences toward location and career beyond university, leaving life paths fully tailored.
However as certain skills traded for ones more applicable to real life, such as how to hold a job, decipher a rental contract, or eat properly at a formal dinner, no one taught me how to uphold the amassed pride of individuality amidst such a foray; how to eat alone at a restaurant while embracing - even enjoying - one’s own company.
I have learned from trial, error, and observation.
With no one sitting across the way to distract from or share enclosed thoughts, the unhitched restaurant goer must find other occupations, where a number of methods exist.
In between the menu folding shut and the food coming to the table, one can engage in four types of conversation: (1) internal through reading and writing; (2) remote with texting and emailing; (3) surrounding conversation by engaging, if at the bar, with others or the restaurant staff; or (4) vicarious with just plain listening.
As someone who gathers fodder for future pieces and uses random comments as an entrant into conversations, my preferences lie with a combination of 1, 4 , and 3, ordered from most to least time spent.
Eating alone at a restaurant, like drinking a solo cup of coffee at a café, permits time to gather and organize thoughts otherwise lost within the mental froth of everyday tasks or put aside with the confidence that they will stay fully clothed until later recalled, which as every bobbing head knows is not the case.
Especially when travelling, this type of time can maintain the necessary evenness to deal with the unknown and new, which I actually look forward to after a day jumping on metros, looking for next turns, reading maps, asking for advice, and fumbling through my backpack.
Though an environment with constant activity, my chair stays fixed during the churnings of a restaurant and chatter of its visitors, allowing my thoughts to either run aside the commotion or escape to a more restful table.
It is comparable to eating meditation, and though my attempts at actual meditation, five now to date, ended in those twenty minutes being overtaken by rationalizations of being too busy, which oddly meant lazy even though meditation is a stationary activity, sitting alone at a restaurant consents for time to center - to take it all in.
The food tastes different, almost more flavorful with concentration entirely set on this activity, my choice more reflective of actual cravings and size of appetite (one dinner did consist of a basket of bread, piece of apple pie, and aperitif), and my awareness more acute.
By taking out the circle of immediate occupation, two rings of awareness form: one hugging close and the other offset to detect activity within an environment.
And through this exercise, the eating meditation as now entitled, sharing a simple drink, planning a dinner, casually meeting a friend for lunch, or even encountering the chance to cook with my family procures a warmness akin to coming home after a long journey.
The choices already made in such an orientation from other’s preferences - where to go, what time to meet, and where to sit - welcome after the wide possibilities, and excited unease, accompanying unhitched restaurant going.
And there in that boutique brasserie and before at a local sushi bar, Jewish/Hungarian restaurant, winery eatery, or Viennese specialty kitchen I continued to sit     alone     continently consuming my chosen plate and its accompanied beverage, wondering – questioning if others my age could sit for a half hour, three hours maximum, at a dinner table and enjoy their own company.
Taking the time to sojourn over a meal while settling into their individuality; allowing for the space to even out and better their understanding of a friend or family’s company.
Every glass consumed at a table for one and restaurant pursuit blithefully realized on self-terms will only further adorn personal conviction and moments dining in the company of others.
Cake is a Must: From Esterhazy to Dobos and all vices in between, Cafe Gerbeaud is renowned for its quality and selection in cakes, bonbons, and pastries.
Since 1858: The elegant decor with wood paneling, chandeliers, marble tables, gold-plasters, and brocade wall covers takes its patrons back in time.
Over 600 People: The cafe can hold about 330 people inside and an additional 300 people on the terrace, however the coveted window seats are limited.
Big Mistake: I only ordered one piece of cake.
Fortunately/unfortunately, a conversation is only as expressive/general as the words ready/unable to use and the effort/passivity possessed by the conversationalists.
The means of communication, SMS/Video Skype/Coffee Chat/ Phone Call/Email/Mail a Letter, is either fitting/inept for the comprehension/misunderstanding of ideas.
It’s a crueler world with technology: words get lost, while mysteriously, others found; wireless is not always available; someone’s ring is on silent; uncertainty over the delivery of an SMS; someone did not charge their phone; or maybe I should have said this in person.
Networks can slow down, emails can get buried in inboxes, and… Skype can cut off the conversation at any moment.
What was the last thing that my Friend (someone I have consider more than a friend) said?
The video disappeared, while the connecting clock indicated the passing seconds as it fumbled over its efforts.
The internet connection Abroad (in Afghanistan), according to the Facebook messages and occasional SMSs during my travels in Budapest and Vienna, was inactive for a bundle of days, and only now was voluntarily strong enough to at least voice Skype.
The attempted video conversations only stressed the network, resulting in frequent cut outs and a face arranged by a collection of twenty available pixels that jerked and hawed before the black background as he laughed at my description of this sight.
It seesawed between situationally funny and modern nightmarish, only encouraging a screenshot of the video window symptomatic of my constant photoseeking during those travels.
The computer camera even sounded like the shutter of a Hollywood paparazzi camera from the past.
He liked to hear about my adventures; I only wanted to defer the subject.
For the first three days stomach aches lead to pieces of cake for meals and a runny nose thwarted by café car napkins delivered by a fifty-year-old Hungarian woman on the train back to Vienna.
Köszönöm.
While Abroad, his seven day a week job off-put the effectiveness of the cough syrup from his sergeant and an excitement over a Slim Jim, a meat stick that he actually did not even like, spurred a social media blast over Facebook.
Now that means something.
My complaints over health issues that did not even slow me down – luckily, phew - self-consciously shrunk before the reality of his circumstances and mere, if that, sipping of self-pity.
Even imagining his room Abroad - living in his room Abroad - which supposedly resembled the same modestly sized (this is a euphemism; it’s truly small), unadorned, concrete-walled single of his barracks in the States – and to his approval, while I walk into an apartment with all 80 something square meters to throw around winter accessories or build informal piles disregarded until the weekend, proved to be difficult.
Entrenched in a comfort I am reluctant to forfeit, accustomed to the conveniences and items of reliability, I find myself wincing at minor problems.
My stairs are dusty; the shower needs to be scrubbed; I can’t find that letter; I am out of hummus – all subjects I would never mention in our exchanges as in comparison to his circumstance, they are microscopic blips.
His resilience and adoption the veritable reasons I admire him before the college-to-job-to-comfort-to-successful, honestly only relatively successful, individuals that do not understand how it feels to have basic freedoms deferred and choices already made for you.
What words do I chose/omit to be descriptive/restrained while circumventing a biggity tone?
Is the story fully/partially told when my self-consciousness leads/follows my spontaneity?
Would it be better to SMS/Video Skype/Coffee Chat/ Phone Call/Email/Mail a Letter?
I know he can hear/see the joy in my voice/eyes providing that we last talked before his departure Abroad over a month ago.
Unlike the interactions with my friends and colleagues, even those college-to-job-to-comfort-to-successful individuals, my options to communicate with him are narrow.
Our interactions edged with this sort of novelty trim nearly forgotten from the days of being on time or tactile exchanges, and even from these, the post disregarded considering the still awaited delivery of a letter that departed Amsterdam almost a month ago, suspected to be either lost, still being processed in the States, or on its way back over the Atlantic.
With calls too expensive over cellphone networks, almost double to Europe in comparison to the States, and coffee chats completely off of the table, well, in person at least, we end up in this romantic ideal of infrequent, yet satisfying and purposeful, contact that some either try to achieve through vacationing at off-the-grid hotels or throwing their Blackberry out of the window.
I completely encourage the latter.
Our multipronged network reduced to only a handful of options with irregular exchanges due to timing and occupation, where each one becomes a moment clasped.
An SMS delivered unexpectedly.
A Skype chat planned two weeks in advance, if the network plays agreeably.
Oddly, when all/some means of communication are available, the exchanges become more uninteresting/valued through their abundance/rarity.
This does not eliminate the random topics, however, but gives them more purpose as breaks from the serious, those needed informalities.
Chitchat over Halloween costumes, weekend plans, cupcakes, and upcoming Bond movies - the latter he indicated, after my cheeky question, he was not going to attend.
They must not have movie theatres Abroad.
Everyone can make a selection/omission of words, means of communication, lifestyle, and friends even in their day-to-day, where the abundance of options seemingly equates to richer opportunity.
However, when those are acutely limited by circumstance – by life - a choice stands to jump over the fissure between expectancy and actuality or fall in and clumsily climb out.
Through the collection of conversations along the way, even if one has to wait for Skype to reconnect or a reply to be SMS’d days later, the confrontations and restrictions of both living abroad and living Abroad can be better processed against another’s interpretation of freedom and another’s dealing with their availability of choice.
Through the Lens: The image turned passerbyers upside down as they inspected offered goods or peered into the store.
2 Players and 3 Commentators: Chess can be a group sport.
Needed Maintenance: Vendors keep their product presentable, which is especially important for the sale of sought after, wool rugs.
Piles and Stacks: All sorts of items crowded the stalls in the market from hats to purses, military clothing to antique cameras.
Mini Statues have a point of view like no other.
He strolled by without adding a sound to the upward volumes of Vijzelstraat 32.
I almost did not hear his approach, the security guard with his earpiece, a bit of equipment for what?
I stared at it while he continued his route as if waiting for someone to come over its frequency - his boss perhaps, reporting misbehaviors in the filmzaal (cinema) or someone touching the photographs on display for Fire!, the current exhibition in the main hall.
Over him and over the ahems, purposeful coughs, and quiet shuffling of visitors to Het Stadsarchief Amsterdam (The Amsterdam City Archives), conservative movements that only encouraged the dust-settling silence, the air conditioner murmured tiredly.
The sight and soundtrack of the building eighty-six years ago would undoubtedly ruffle the modest happens of its current state.
The people in the headquarters of De Nederlandsche Handels-Maatschappij (NHM, or the Dutch Trading Company) in 1926 took to upright, wooden chairs for their filing, typing, and shuffling of papers to keep the country’s cornerstone trade and banking network illustriously engaged with their partners in Hong Kong and Jeddah, Singapore and Calcutta, and one day in New York City.
The research, financing, and operations ran out of the light courts reminiscent of American architects Frank Lloyd Wright and Louis Sullivan, with more papers than people gleaming to achieve the job.
Papers sat everywhere in flustered piles threating to fall off tables, or thrown in actual baskets for waste (not just trash cans called waste baskets), and more likely crammed into the drawers beyond the viewpoint of the photographer who took the black-and-white image decades prior.
The country depended on this building with its vault whose doors now stand deliberately open, or even the conference rooms that are willingly offered for rent.
Vijzelstraat 32 retired to the quieter life of a national monument and city archive years earlier and I cannot help but wonder if it longs for its bustling years amongst the questions and chatter of the sightseers who captivatedly ascent from the streets below.
“The tour starts at 2pm,” matter-of-factly drifts from behind the counter for the eager visitors’ reception.
The first group waiting for this tour, three women and three men, gathered around a four-person table drinking their lattes, tea, and Bitter lemon with clinking spoons that resounded across the archive hall from the area where they sat, Café de Bazel.
Expectedly, I looked at the menu under taarts: Ouderwetse Hollandse appeltaart, Appelrondje, Citroen merengue (…smullen!
according to the menu), Scones met appel-lavendeljam en room - but no spekkoek.
For its time, the building was considered a high-rise with its eight floors and two basement levels that still collectively stand well above the endearing canal houses on the Herengracht and Keizersgracht.
Yes, an entire city block dedicated to the layering of glass, granite, brick, and concrete that gave Vijzelstraat 32 its nickname, De Spekkoek, after the Dutch-Indonesian layer cake that I can curiously find at my local deli, but not at the building’s own café.
Between the imposing exterior, light-filled interior, and then all-out tiled basement, noticeable differences stand; each part its own to be fully observed as one in itself and one a part of a whole.
In the main hall, areas of the intricate, geometric Venetian glass tiling still arrange green then black, green then black, with the full splendor of this work only viewable in the basement below.
The commanding artistry with the brilliant blues and yellows reminiscent of both Art Deco and Egyptian tiling could be mistaken upon quick regard for either a resplendent tomb or a Grecian bath house, both commanding a higher visual purpose beyond its actual use, however the building’s basement actually used to house the savings of NHM.
Any ancient pyramid would have been proud to have such an area underneath its sun regarded walls to hold what some might call treasure instead of savings.
The artful basement, which still conveys its initial splendor to new visitors, was just one component in the timeless building so highly regarded that it is forever named after its architect, K.P.C. de Bazel.
Inspired by theosophy, K.P.C. de Bazel regarded his work as a divine broadcast of spiritual unification and eternal harmony through every element, from the exterior to its furniture, the air ducts to the floor mosaics, all of which he designed.
His strict mathematical regiment of rectangles formed the outline of the exterior, while his literal and transcendent idea of light influenced a visitor’s experience of the interior.
The cash register opened, change handed over, a receipt printed, and a ticket received.
In a couple of minutes, the tour will begin.
When I do imagine the full spectacle of this building, De Bazel, in its earlier years, the scene wonderfully glitches like the old films playing in the filmzaal beyond the tiled wonderhall, accompanied by only piano clinking and cinematic sounds nearly matching the movements of long passed Amsterdamers.
Its imperfections making the film as personable as the people it follows, the cameraman a neighbor instead of a professional, where one cannot but long for the simple family activities projecting on the screen.
A dream state only properly captured by film - digital struggles to achieve the same tactile quality and welcome imperfections - and would only degrade if not for its careful keeping in Het Stadsarchief Amsterdam.
A different sort of asset lies in these old films, filed records, past newspapers, and shelved volumes, items unable to be traded or exchanged like the previous assets housed in De Bazel.
The archived suitably dependent on a building that could never be moved or banished from the street it helped to create.
Stately it resides at Vijzelstraat 32, quiet and sober, somewhere in between the dream that Amsterdam once was and the city it hopes to become.
A building every Amsterdamer, either twenty years or one year considered should visit and engage in even with the absence of spekkoek on the menu.
You Sleep, I'll Watch: Many took to a bench along the tree-lined paths to rest either after a long day, week, or flight.
To Gloriette: Walking up the switchbacks to the belvedere during a seasonally warm day was worth the effort.
A cafe waited at the top.
The Normal Things: In addition to the local runners, the Schonbrunn grounds were enjoyed by its neighbors in addition to the expected tourists.
Sit Before Standing: People saved their legs before the 100 minute performance at the Spanish Riding School in Vienna began.
Waiting in Anticipation: The Spanish Riding School is sought after by riders as well as enthusiasts looking for a unique experience in Vienna.
A Full House: The performance sold out that day and many watched as the seats and standing room areas fill up across the way.
I opened the book.
I flipped a page, Freundinnen, 1965-66.
The owner of the bed and breakfast handed me a book of Sigmar Polke’s works that I only hoped from a quick regard through its pages could reveal the essence of his expertise.
I flipped a page, Lackmus, 1995-99.
However quickly I discovered deciphering this artist would be more difficult than a five-minute conversation and seven-minute look at a single collection of his works.
Sigmar Polke, an artist East Germany born (now Poland), West Germany raised, can so easily be described by geographic and political contexts, but his artwork is uncategorical.
I flipped a page, Seit Benzin - Und Heizölpreise Fallen, Wundert Mich Nichts Mehr, 1982.
The owner of the bed and breakfast introduced her favorite artist – this painter, photographer, sketch artist, and image-maker - simply as a lithographer, and from the book’s pages my quick extractions rendered this standalone title unfit.
In the singular, he was an alchemist.
During the 1960s, 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, and into the 2000s, Sigmar Polke commented on contradictory subjects while transcending standards of art, venturously treading though experimentations in a wide range of styles, materials, and techniques into creative territories untamed by others while transcending the term "reinvented" as many artists with this extensive repertoire would normally be ordained.
Complex, stratified imagery, political commentary, an untamable wit, and the ability to make the process of creating and viewing a piece of art equally as sensory resonated through his decades of image making.
I flipped a page, Treppenhaus, 1982.
His own history and life experiences reflected the collective consciousness of other West Germans in the 1960s, especially the youth who grappled with the doings of their parents’ generation in an attempt to set up their own identity, their own voice amongst the hypocrisies of German and Western governments.
During Polke’s education at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf (Arts Academy), he and two of his colleagues, Gerhard Richter and Konrad Fischer-Lueg, founded Kapitalistischer Realismus ("Capitalist Realism") in 1963.
This analogy to “Social Realism,” and dig on capitalism, was realized through their collection of installations (even a real life incarnations in the Düsseldorf furniture store Berges), prints, and paintings.
I flipped a page, Plastik-Wannen, 1964.
After the economic boom of the 1950s, West Germany’s delineation from East Germany could be easily explained through the product available; plastic wash basins and food containers more readily obtainable in the now consumer-driven and materialistic society of West Germany than the Germany under the Eastern Bloc.
Reacting to West Germany’s postwar society, Polke took such everyday objects and cheap surfaces, including wallpaper and textiles, and turned them into symbols of the divide through a painterlier, abstract, and politically driven version of American Pop Art.
I flipped a page, Bunnies, 1966.
I flipped a page, Würstchen, 1964.
During the late 1960s and into the 1970s, Polke’s inclination toward experimentation, both with process and perception of reality, continued through his concentration on photography in addition to extensive travels and admitted use of drugs.
With a 35mm Leica camera and the needed darkroom equipment, Polke ignored the boundaries and suggested processes surrounding photography, photochemistry, and printing to create visually intoxicating images with multiple exposures, extreme close-ups, under- or over-exposed images, and scratched negatives.
I flipped a page, an image depicting a collection of party favors, 1969.
To Polke, the darkroom was a mere laboratory and either shop windows, still lifes of assorted found objects, or the subjects of Afghanistan, Brazil, France, Pakistan, and the U.S. fodder for immediate projects and paintings for years to come.
I flipped a page, an image depicting a wooden doll, framed painting, and pot of ivy, 1969.
Every photograph produced contained a complex narrative wrought in the multiple subjects and stratified processes behind its creation, which culminated in images that transcended conventional reality.
I flipped a page, a multilayer image with unrecognizable subjects, 1969.
Yes, the drugs did speak to him quite loudly during a period that would significantly impact his works in the next decades to come.
The 1980s marked Polke’s return to painting with an enlightened understanding of image making though the affect of chemical processes learned in photography.
Through the reactions of resins, solvents, pigment, varnishes, and toxins on a surface, these innovative paintings nearly painted themselves and at times changed appearance depending on the location: a painting could take on a purple hue in one city, while turning green in the next or even vanish completely somewhere else.
I flipped a page, Watchtower II, 1982.
While Kapitalistischer Realismus reacted to West Germany’s new consumerism, and Polke’s photographs to his altered reality, these paintings were not reactions to something, but a reaction in themselves.
These were truly unique pieces that could not be reproduced or even documented in a fashion that would illustrate their beauty in their entirety.
I flipped a page, The Spirit That Lend Strength Are Invisible III, 1988.
Alchemy, multilayered imagery, and experimentation from these decades continued into the 1990s and 2000s as his work became widely recognized, praised, and admired from continent to continent for the process and narrative behind each image.
I flipped a page, Clean Car, Good Mood, 2002.
I flipped a page, Primavera, 2003.
Solo shows at the Tate Modern, Ueno Royal Museum, and Getty Center were just some of the honors intermixed with the Erasmus Prize in 1994, Carnegie Award at the Carnegie International in 1995, and the Praemium Imperiale from the Japan Art Association in 2002.
However despite his fame, Polke continued to live a modest lifestyle, working without an assistant in his Cologne warehouse before succumbing to complications from cancer in 2010.
One would think an alchemist like Sigmar Polke who made paintings literally come alive could subdue such fatalities with a concoction of resin and solvents.
However in the end, the enigma was only human and I closed the book before standing up.
Liberated from the kneeling position taken while flipping through Sigmar Polke’s work, my legs loosened and I carefully placed the book on the small table in front of me, gently as if signaling my respect to the book and artist the owner of the bed and breakfast heartily esteemed.
After my “Is he well known?” was met with a purposeful “Yes” I only wondered what other Sigmar Polkes had past me by in my previous art history lessons.
Ones waiting to be discovered on the walls of a private art gallery, in the halls of a museums, or even in the pages of a bed and breakfast owner’s personal library.
The Window Front: Old analogue cameras and lenses line the window anticipating visitors and camera enthusiasts.
Does this old fashion cassa take credit cards?
Use the Doorbell: In the back of the shop is a range of books and prints for sale as well as a small workspace where the owners do some of their work.
At the bottom of the stairs and at the end of a hallway that quickly darkened behind the owner of the bed and breakfast, we stood, we conversed, as my final preparations for the day lay upstairs.
A smallish backpack, a sizable camera, and an already edge-worn, overly folded map waited on my bed.
That hallway, hemmed in by glass display cases housing select artifacts and a door opening onto a comparable sight, naturally instigated an exchange over her obvious art clutter and its cultural standing.
As she continued talking, touching on significant points in twentieth century Dutch industrial arts and architecture while alluding to her personal collection, my gaze drifted southwards to gather a question, fabricated piecemeal by all the times I wish I had asked, “would you have some time tomorrow to talk more about all of this?”
I did not know what to expect.
There we stood in front of her cabinet at 11:43 in the morning on the following day.
My things waited at the door to her apartment, which unlike the bed and breakfast below, opened up with high ceilings and a lightened decor: white walls, the observable loft upstairs, and caramel-colored wooden floors.
The sameness I expected to seep in from downstairs did not, only light, the same light that accented the precise forms of her coveted glass collection.
The Leerdam Glass Factory, named after a small city in the Netherlands just below Utrecht, came into fame in the first half of the twentieth century under P.M. Cochuis, the director instated in 1912.
For over thirty-five years P.M. Cochuis pursued artistic and technical advancements by inviting artists and architects to design for the collection, in addition to effecting social and ethical improvements through attention to the usually poor factory living conditions and encouragement toward establishing the Leerdam Glass School.
He looked to offer high-quality aesthetic, yet still practical, products for moderate prices through promoting the artist and improving production capabilities, all ideals that fell under kunstnijverheid, or industrial arts.
The owner of the bed and breakfast picked up a glass bowl and turned it over, an LB acid etched on the bottom, a mark she proceeded to translate while placing the first bowl on its original shelf in exchange for another, which she again turned over only to reveal a different set of letters, an LC.
The Leerdam Glass Factory, marked by the L in LB and LC, employed Dutch architect K.P.C. de Bazel, the B in LB, whose combination of beauty and functionality in his ten basic forms for Leerdam stemware influenced the next comer, A.D. Copier, acknowledged by the C in LC, who worked up from a poster artist to an internationally acclaimed glassware designer in his almost sixty-year employment at the Leerdam Glass Factory.
It was his work that represented the marquee pieces in her collection.
A.D. Copier widely experimented with old industrial techniques to create new production processes including graniver, marmorite, spijkervaasjes (controlled-bubble technique), dikwandig (thick-walled glass), and tin craquelé, while along the way producing Unicas, one-off and now rare art-objects, which displayed such technical and aesthetic investigations.
She pieced up a prized vase and turned it over: the word Unica scratched on its base.
Over ten, or it could have even been fifteen years ago, before the documentaries and the glass’s rising popularity amongst collectors, the owner of the bed and breakfast visited auctions to pursue her resonating interest.
There on auction blocks or in randomly assembled boxes of someone’s discarded life she discovered the pieces that now adorn her apartment, visibly depicting her sensibilities though the surface treatments of a bowl or tastes from the weight of a vase, an apartment that would not be her own without these morsels of her personality.
I only hoped she would not hand one to me as literally dropping it and following the echoes of its deafening shatter would be like crushing her left lung and permanently affixing the initially brief silence between us.
I could assure breakfast would not be the same after that moment: a slice of aged toast found behind the fridge instead of the hospitable spread of delicacies and platters.
The French pressed coffee take away for sure.
However, both a paper-thin, palm-sized bowl and dikwandig vase were returned to their shelves after my careful handling, a risk worth taking to comprehend that buoyant joy she must have experienced with each discovery.
During my required freshman art history course the only items held, at art school notwithstanding, were a book and maybe a couple of handouts, things I could jettison without a fleck of concern.
However, this contingent art lesson, something many visitors to the bed and breakfast probably pass over for funded museums and established galleries on the streets of Maastricht - culture supposed where others said it should – instilled more upon my curiosity than the required or strongly suggested.
Happening upon a personal, and mostly undisclosed, collection out of circumstance garnered just as much intrigue over its discovery as its pieces.
Sometimes pushing past that pause of reason and feeling of uneasy intrusion will open up onto an experience unduplicated by anyone succeeding.
There was no lesson plan, no placard, not even a ticket window, and even though the owner of the bed and breakfast was not a certified teacher on her way to tenure, she would be happy to know that on that day, I learned a great deal.
City Walls: Throughout Maastricht, medieval fortifications still mark the times when only a wall could defend a city.
St. Pieters: Expansive fields sit above the usual cobblestone streets, where walkers can enjoy a more idyllic scene.
On the Maas River: A divide serving as a walkway and docking station splits the river from one bridge to the next.
It’s only Wednesday.
I slept four hours last night, the night before, and expect the same tonight; and once those lights go off, there is nothing to stop my body’s automatic response.
Last night, or was it this morning, after my eight-hour nude drawing course and languid scrapings at a piece of foam in our dorm’s collective studio, the suggested art history reading was finished for today.
Your supposedly innovative, off-chronological curriculum and the collective skepticism of the class could not pin my eyelids open for the brief hour and a half dedicated to your course.
I just had lunch; my blood sugar spike is rapidly descending.
With apologies to my professor, seven years later I do not remember that much from freshman art history.
When travelling to cities, like other tourists, certain museums end up on itineraries, almost as a requirement, to answer affirmative for the typical inquiries surrounding cultural conquests.
My own prerequisites, in addition, procured from expectations of others on artistic knowledge and the guilt from keeping only one eye open, if even that, in freshman art history encourages further consideration for exhibits, museums, and galleries.
Though studious and typically attentive in my student years, slides, powerpoints, picture/caption combinations, and test questions around standalone facts - artists, dates, movement - did not solicit my full interest, which, as a young art student, very much existed in the process of the tangible; opening an art history book took much less time than scraping a sculpture out of foam or scrubbing the grayish tone from my skin after eight hours of charcoal drawing.
Let’s just say that if given the chance, I would teach art history to art students differently.
Even extensive periods in museums, i.e. three plus hours in one or two museums in one day, can have a similar effect; my eyes locking up and filming over with information congestion, passing from one piece to the next, acknowledging their presence but forfeiting the detailed reading of information cards.
Breaks on benches become more frequent, and somewhere the missteps from the years of freshman art history and the howIshouldfeel on holiday creeps up.
I’m supposed to like this.
This should be fun.
Culture is good for me.
My travelling sensibilities still a bit American I must admit, visiting instead of experiencing, pursing over relaxing, and making holiday, I mean vacation, as productive as possible.
However, there comes a point where the planning and tasking involved to sustain such an enterprise dries out all spontaneity.
Like titles of books, names of museums already dictate expectations, actually chosen to visit for this very reason.
The Tate Modern, Vincent van Gogh Museum, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art hint to the type of work within their walls, while titles with reputation – the Louvre, State Hermitage, or Getty Museum, culls anticipation around their collections.
Art History, Volume 1, my freshman art history course reading, revealed its contents through just a name, which immediately, even seven years later, still unhitches the lid to that assemblage of feelings brewed up in my student years, the most formidable being that knowledge that something is out of my control, someone else’s call; that something is required.
When planning my travels to Maastricht, I let go of these expectations and feelings of guilt from the beginning, giving myself the latitude to let relaxed happenstance lead from one situation to the next, a list from a friend and an article out of KLM’s inflight magazine the Holland Herald, my only guide.
None of which mentioned any sort of museum, as the city itself – the streets, people, events, and scenery, encapsulated enough culture to fill fifteen museums and ten galleries.
With 13th century town gates, 11th century churches, 17th century town halls, and 18th century fortresses still standing amongst new cafes and hangouts, the local flavor and historical folklore lived in one place, undivided by any sort of formal structure or ticket window.
History was involved in the present.
From this, I was relieved.
However, happenstance is a fickle partner.
It seemed my choice in lodging was the first step toward encouraging this experience.
Unlike other options, Logies Bonhomme withheld the obvious on their website; my room entitled Room with perspective, described by photos of only particular details and the subtitle, Frontside.
Shower.
toilet.
I at least knew there stood a bed, bathroom, and breakfast.
Unsuspected by my discernment was the reasoning behind this mysteriousness, that only select vignettes were shown not as a lack of items to disclose, but abundance.
Little did I know that I would step back into a type of gallery scenario that I initially thought I wanted to avoid when visiting the culture-filled streets of Maastricht.
A soft-boiled egg … it could have been a spider.
Or alive even, magically sprouting legs to run across the table or suddenly opening up only to blink, this egg an eye in disguise.
If only half-cooked, it could still be half-alive, and wings could rip from its sides and flap, flap away from its ceramic perch.
All entertaining scenarios riddling the illogical anxiety around something a thousand times smaller than myself  - a soft-boiled egg.
I had no idea how to eat this soft-boiled egg, which was the crux of the matter, as never have I ever encountered such a specimen, and never have I ever even noticed this void in my eating outings.
The deliberate rotations of this unease skimmed the inside of a head hollowed by latent embarrassment, my brow wrinkled slightly.
Slow, deliberate movements allowed for the expression to smooth out as the consideration of an approach knitted together.
And from this formation, aw yes, a thought incarnated under the guise of humor: this is an eggbarrassment.
An amusement that tethered in this imagined tension between me and an egg, something so insignificant, so inconsequential to everything - oh, wait, a little spoon is also involved.
I’ll take another piece of bread as a diversion; jam, a spoon (of normal proportions), a bite; let me have a chance to think about this again.
Sitting pretty just past the white ceramic expanse  - smooth, unassuming, even aloof, proudly away from the common catch of a breakfast plate, the egg was still just an egg.
I cannot allow for any poetic personifications to render a situation more meaningful than it actually deserved to be.
This fresh, first day in Maastricht would not to be tripped up by a fixed egg or slowed down by a small spoon.
I went about it systematically.
I picked up the egg holder by the neck, I picked up the small spoon, and then placed the egg holder on my plate.
I held the egg holder around the waist, held up my spoon and proceeded to tap.
Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap lightly around the top of the egg, a latticework of minuscule, broken eggshells began to form a crown along the upper part of its curves.
These refused to fall away from the cooked interior, however, little jagged puzzle pieces held together by a film that required the suggestive scrapping from my little spoon to scatter them amongst my other breakfast remnants: bread crumbs and those modules of jam that did not make it to the toast.
Then there was the slice of grape, group of pomegranate seeds, and piece of ham with whom the newly introduced broken shells joined, falling in flat masses during a completely ungraceful peeling process.
Finally, just enough of the exterior was broken to wriggle my little spoon through, and after a chuck of the white flesh was carved out in two bites, the middle of my first soft-boiled egg was reached.
Triumphantly, I put my small spoon down, patted my mouth with the thick, baby blue napkin, which all of this time remaining unnoticed on my lap, before taking another sip of French pressed coffee in satisfaction, even in spite of its overly cooled state.
A breakfast completed.
With my napkin casually folded over and pressed between the plate and the table, my fork and spoon turned upside down and then placed across the eggshell remnants, I pushed in my chair with a quick scan of my audience.
Hopefully no one watched my novice performance as later did I realize after reading two online articles and watching one YouTube video that my way definitely did not fall under any of the suggested to open this particular breakfast item.
With another chance the next morning, I swallowed my eggbarrassment and went in for a second go at a soft-boiled egg.
Welcome West'ival: This is the first year of the film, music, art, and outdoor festival in the heart of Amsterdam West.
Many Inquired: With the setup and activities around the festival in the square, many stopped to ask about the up-and-coming events.
The Kids: The activity during the day was a stop motion animation involving an enthusiastic group of kids, which attracted many observers.
Some laughed, some wondered, and others crossed their arms.
From the Balcony: While the kids ate ice cream and the crew unpacked, neighbors observed from above.
Vrijthof: A marching band entered the square in Maastricht to kickoff the city's cultural season.
Fun for All: From art showings to large walking insects, acrobats to rock bands, the city, which was car-free for the celebration, had something for everyone.
A Day to Impress: Het Parcours is a part of the effort to earn the Cultural Capital of Europe title for 2018, and nothing, not even burning logs, would get in the way.
Right Behind You: Three determined souls ran, ran for the train as it quickly approached.
The story ended happily: they caught it.
Journeying through food ultimately opens into the culture of any city.
There, my stomach leads.
The protective, and usually practical, apprehensions left somewhere unnoticed, slightly tousled into a finished gratis newspaper left for another everyday traveller to read.
A range of foods explored from the simply prepared to fusion cooking, large portion comfort foods to elegant petit tastings, served on picnic tables or white clothes with a price range of loose change to credit cards.
I thought whatever tables came my way none had been left unturned, and with good reason: my food soirees spritely flitted and flutter across the culinary gamut.
There were the simple including fresh buffalo mozzarella, heirloom tomatoes, truffles, Medjool dates, baguettes, handmade pretzels, poached eggs, and edamame; the cultural ranging from Belgium waffles, escargot, sushi, sashimi, dal, mandu, scallion pancakes, Limburgse vlaai, pickled herring, elote, beef bourguignon, black pudding, crawfish étouffée, grits, bitterballen, crepes, gelato, sorbet, fish tacos, naan, roti, hashbrowns, latkas, jambalaya, carbonara, coq au vin, samosas, baklava, gumbo, prosciutto, Carpaccio, fried green tomatoes, Lebanese mezas, Indonesian rijsttafel, fries with any topping, tom yam kung, cheese from all regions, miso soup, chou rouge, steak tartare, churros, sushi boats, sundae boats, hot pot, St. Louis pizza, Chicago pizza, New York pizza, Texas BBQ, North Carolina BBQ, Korean BBQ, Thai curry, Indian curry, pad thai, éclairs, cannoli, beignets, macaroons, biscuits, bread pudding, banana pudding, biscotti, rice pudding, tiramisu, Dodger Dogs, Krispy Kreme donuts, Philly cheesesteak, to fish roe; and the memorable comprised of pineapple-mango chili popsicles, octopus burgers, fried alligator, Whole Bowl, fried ravioli, duck egg, braised venison, voodoo doll shaped donuts, tofu ice cream, Old Miss, fried cheese, ravioli-topped pizza, tofu scramble, Earl Grey ice cream, Advanced BLT, Dead Head, buffalo tempeh, dried octopus, Gooey Louie, ox tail, Mo-Mo, liver pâté, mushroom cappuccino, quail egg, Animal Style Fries, turtle soup, Grasshopper Pie, and salmon skin to name a few.
Eaten with chopsticks, chips, spoons, forks, sporks, my hands, knives, picks, crackers, and tongs; from shells, cones, bamboo steamer baskets, bread bowls, plastic serving baskets, sticks, paper bags, greasy bags, brown bags, aluminum wraps, Styrofoam bowls, jars, paper plates, takeaway boxes, pizza boxes, sizzling pans, buckets, plastic cartons, cans, pottery, boats, vessels, ceramic bowls, tins, and plastic food containers; and prepared by baking, chopping, steaming, breading, deep-frying, pan-frying, stir-frying, searing, boiling, broiling, blanching, sautéing, keeping raw, aging, curing, whipping, flash freezing, roasting, injecting, preserving, mincing, cooking, brazing, mashing, spicing, infusing, smoking, grilling, and tossing.
While many people choose to avoid anchovies, kimchi, beef tongue, and lots of wasabi, I have only refused KFC and chicken feet; as others ordered delivery, I have walked a mile in rain, waited months for a special occasion, hiked up mountain trails, biked through forests, wondered into unfamiliar residential areas, found food truck-lined streets, and waited in ten car lines; and though some might cringe at the ugliness of calamari tentacles, sliminess of oysters, fishiness of herring, or spiciness of jalapeno peppers, I don’t even think twice.
Through the recommendations of friends, food blogs, magazine articles, culinary websites, and travel guides; after the exclamations of “ew”, “really”, “I’d rather die”, “I’ve never tried that”, “I won’t eat that”, and “you’re an adventurous eater”; and by the travels through the States, Europe, and Asia, many foods have been sought out and sampled, however…
However, Never has a soft-boiled egg crossed my path until last weekend and I could not have been more intimidated by a small ceramic cup, an even smaller silver spoon, and an audience of more experienced soft-boiled egg eaters.
800 Years Old: The old Dominican church in Maastricht was converted into a bookstore in 2006, offering a broad range of topics to the public.
Specialty Interior: Merkx+Girod Architects were awarded the prestigious Lensvelt Interior Prize 2008 for their work on Selexyz Dominicans.
Selecting: Bookstore goers longingly looked at books on one of three levels, enjoying the texts as much as the atmosphere.
According to the thinkers of my generation, or at least the ones I consult, marriage was to come later.
The current average age of twenty-seven, five years after the baby boomer’s young twenty-two, to be pushed back for individual development and exploration.
However at twenty-six, I’ve noticed more engagements than not solidifying and that orderly progression proposed for an anointment into Adulthood begun.
One still defined by the archetypal currents formed by the flood of previous generations, I now watch from the shore, wondering when to jump into Adulthood.
Or even if I should.
Sealed and ready, the three cards rode in my purse to the Albert Heijn for their delivery to the States - I only hope they don't get bent - actually all three all the way to California.
One for a childhood playmate, another a high school friend, and the last my cousin, all people known during specific stages of their life, their images forever affixed to a particular time: the innocence of childhood, mess that is high school, or journey beyond college.
Three definitive junctures composed of thinly laid emotions lightly affixed by an uncured confidence, continually tested by the heavier opinions of others.
After those, the twenties commences and adulthood, no Adulthood, looms I think somewhere near your thirties.
Adulthood, a place I imagine as this never-ending lawn slowly mowed during the years following a mid-level success in career and slow acceptance of circumstance.
Adulthood, a wide-open plain over a hill and past a fence someone else built, Adulthood, procured for its security and status in hopes of curing that confidence.
Finally, in the twenties, the control and responsibility desired every step before then is endowed into everyday living.
Neither a parent nor a teacher, nor a whomever, can fully dictate how much, how long, how to, when to, or should you for you.
This particular moment dreamed over since a mother's declaration of curfew, an art professor’s misjudgment of work, or a college roommate’s inability to do the dishes after three days.
Freedom to move independently did not come easily; qualifications were undoubtedly necessary.
Those ponderous moments of tests, mistakes, and second - even third - places mixed with the savored minutes of successes, congratulations, and graduations rendered the framework of an adult to be further defined in the twenties.
Shipped away from the States and its residing coast-to-coast friend groups during my twenties placed me on the cusps of information where only the send-a-card moments - marriage, graduation, job changes, or cross-country moves – redirected my attention.
Every life stone placed in between unsung and unheard from a distance as far as this and the situation of others only partially rendered by word-of-mouth, widely available information, and brief engagements filled in by the personality I once knew.
And as I, they too embarked on their twenties years prior, still continuing to venture into new enterprises and change from day-to-day interaction.
The casual comments of nearby friends and neighbors during the formation of smaller decisions naturally weigh on anyone’s progression more than the voices of the past and far.
However, from abroad, after observing current patterns and learning from previous generations’ missteps, some advice to the others in their twenties from someone in their twenties.
Let the life adhesion slow to solidify though testing previously assumed limitations set by others and believed by you.
Freshen up circumstance through small overtures on the day-to-day playground to even larger movements into a theatre that appeared previously unreachable.
Allow time to be unsure, shaken, and surprised before declaring a job done and a case settled.
Negotiate the terms for Adulthood as enough time has passed with others setting life’s restrictions.
The countdown to the twenties is over.
Did you realize it's here?
Like the innocence of childhood, mess that is high school, or journey beyond college, the twenties is a transient state.
The relationship created during these years with yourself ultimately dictates the ones had with others; only space and time needed to realize its full progression.
Adulthood will come quicker than anticipated, and by taking the twenties past expectation, Adulthood’s requirements can be measured to a personal standard independent from the archetypal one brought about by others.
Everyone will exit their twenties in a completely different place than they began, and with different people.
It is ten years that, unfortunately, not last forever but will influence years to come.
As there is a card for marriage, graduations, and even moving house, there should be a card not for just turning thirty, but for fully taking advantage of your twenties.
Before the Clouds: The London-bound KLM plane takes off toward the coast, dramatically lit by the morning sun.
Fields Upon Fields: Much of the terrane is comprised of farms or open land; the water level within the soil rendering most unfit to build on.
Offshore Windpower: Though wind turbines outsize a plane, the ones in the lower lefthand corner appear miniature in comparison to the turbine engine.
Since 1919: To commemorate their 90th anniversary, KLM painted a 747 like it used to look back in 1919.
If only they did the interior and the uniforms as well.
Ground Floor, De Bijenkorf – a department store.
The escalator ascended at a speed no faster than my Sunday afternoon thoughts past the kitchenware department.
Products sat on the shelves in color order, a hand towel inquisitively picked up by a white-haired customer, even though it resembled the other fortysomething neatly folded on the shelves.
A towel is a towel, unless it’s raining, then I will deem it a savior.
Second Floor.
Over the rubber handrail I peered onto the women’s fashion department, something more captivating to a twentysomething year old, and wondered the day when I would look at hand towels that way.
Peering into the loops of their terrycloth as if reading a freshly opened tax statement, looking for the word refund - or payment.
More mail comes for my landlord than myself; and what does appear in my metal mailbox, either needs to or should.
The statements for bank things need to, a utility bill needs to, and invitations, in particular cases, should.
Facebook events just don’t cut the cake in the right place every time.
The reply letter for an upcoming wedding sat sideways in its accompanying envelope on top of a pile permanently situated at the edge of a frequently passed by counter corner.
I’d look at it, and then pull out a stapler from the shelves underneath; two days later, look at it, and then walk over to the fridge, open it for a chilled beverage; a week passed, look at it, and then realize something, as it would not be me, needed to arrive on the wedding day, or preferably before.
Every card sent for a wedding, birthday, or whatever occasion has a per sonality, some bask in their humor, others in their sympathetic gestures … and then there are the ones, which through embedded soundcards, actually express themselves audibly.
Those are a little much for my tastes that customarily resonate with the ones stamped “blank inside” on the back; I have enough witty, almost legible text that does not need to be interrupted by a “Happy Birthday Champ” or “Wishing You a Lifetime of Happiness” in a semi cursive font.
After thirty minutes weaving around the three shelves adorned with cards I picked out three, which reminds me, two more should be collected.
Home at my wooden table, the three cards splayed out in front of me, my pen cap readily placed on the end of my black pen.
I started writing:
Card 1: “We used to play house in your backyard after kindergarten, I would clean up the spider webs.
You were afraid of spiders back then.”
Card 2: “High school is a particular time where many events are purposefully not remembered, but our times watching movies were always my favorite memories”
Card 3: “Travel is where a true person’s personality comes out.
If you both can travel together, than you’ve passed the first test”
Is card 1 still afraid of spiders, card 2 as fond of our movie nights as I was, or card 3 still thinking about future travels?
Living almost six thousand miles away from my hometown, some of these answers are not so apparent.
I watch the definitive years of my twentysomething year old friends and earlythirtysomething year old family members progress down the expected path – job, partner, marriage - wondering if moving abroad interrupted the archetypical sequence supposed for a twentysomething year old.
A Fresh Start: The new logo by Irma Boom, an international designer, was unveiled before the April 2013 reopening of the museum.
Still Under Construction: The Rijksmuseum opened up its unfinished wing for musicians and music lovers during Uitmarkt.
With a Suitcase and a Note: Improvisation is always a key component of music, one that made The Benelux a great band to watch.
Old School: At a showing of Leningrad Cowboys Go America by Filmhuis Cavia, an older film set up was used, reel and all.
It makes such an amazing sound.
Grote Markt, Haarlem: 11,000 people filled the square for the jazz festival, enjoying the late night festivities and ridiculous amount of confetti.
Dreamy: Fans of the performers showed their support and admiration with cheering, clapping, and of course a little...
Dancing: Oh trust me, everyone danced.
Let’s take a look at this bet.
Six? Ha! I’ll raise you six more.
Upon moving to Amsterdam, my informal mentors ordained six months for the Amsterdam Adjustment, which included familiarizing myself with the city streets, establishing a latticework of acquaintances, surmounting the paperwork, and clearing the froth that though ruffles, somehow necessarily distracts from the larger picture.
A mosquito bite tended to in spite of the more dangerous creatures lurking in the jungle.
Of course, each of these informal mentors who did the same move carried their own definition of, and level needed for, adjustment; however in this world of sequels, an Amsterdam Adjustment breaks down into two installments in my movie life: we’re not in Kansas – shucks - even the States, anymore, and no yellow brick road needed.
After the first six months with a lot of boxes checked and bureaucracy filed away, the greenness clears only to expose the tasks jettisoned to lessen the load.
To-dos either ignored, pushed away into inconspicuousness, or discovered at unexpected moments, like yesterday.
The sand from Ipswich, a beach north east of Boston, quickly scattered over my floor after inspecting my summer shoe’s condition for that day’s wear.
Or like my experience two days prior.
Sitting in the movie theatre waiting for a, properly enough, sequel to start, I grabbed my petite navy purse from under my chair and in curiosity pulled out a menu from the back pocket.
Little trinkets from the past uncovered and then awed at for their perseverance - I thought that menu would be long lost by now - while other tasks questioned with amazement for the time needed to either complete, or even start, their process.
A random mix of to-dos strewed across the floor in no order of priority whatsoever.
The same amount of time required to eat though a stash of Bumble Bee Chicken Salad cans as to start the process for my driver’s license exchange.
My first concert ticket purchased around the same week as I completed a thorough cleaning of my porch to render it usable, offering the pigeons a strong suggestion to relocate their nests.
And the letter mailed to cancel my Vodafone insurance after the New Year’s Eve debacle on my to-do list as long as sending my first package to the States.
It took a year to finally understand the +48, +35, and +30 on cheese packages.
I always told visitors it indicated the age of the cheese … in years.
When moving to Amsterdam a year ago, I need a physical map of the city with me at all times, and strictly followed the advice of others.
Comparisons flew between the States and the Netherlands as I maneuvered my day-to-day life, converting everything from currency to distance while taking some sort of comfort in going to Le Pain Quotidien, an establishment with selected locations across the US, conveniently down the street from my current apartment.
Slowly, and purposefully, eating though those favorite cans of Bumble Bee Chicken Salad as to elongate their availability.
Then after six months, with a billowed confidence, my decisive detour from the yellow brick road revealed new cafes within biking distance to write at, better commuting routes to work, and groups of non-natives that actually wanted to learn the Dutch language.
Now, I pull out my Google translate app when spotting unfamiliar signs and chose Beatrixpark over Vodelpark, and for good reason especially on this 30-degree Celsius weekend.
There is an amazing ice cream stand on the way.
They say six months for the Amsterdam Adjustment, and I say a year.
Six months to listen, follow, and compare; then six months to consider, weigh, and then overturn.
Six extra months to keep uncovering those trinkets from the past, and six extra months to resolve tasks jettisoned or ignored from the beginning.
And with a sound underpinning in place, a year already packaged and tied off with a bow, I won’t be packing any Bumble Bee Chicken Salad cans as I decisively step off of that yellow brick road to find my own signposts, even if they are all in Dutch.
In my hand, only a +48 piece of cheese sandwiched in between two slices of wheat bread.
Grachtenfestival: In Vondelpark the finalists of the Grachtenfestival Conservatory Competition took the stage.
Lidy Blijdorp, the cellist above, a favorite.
And She Drew: We both caught the expressions of the festival, and though mine more realistic, hers a better representation of the musicians' energy.
The Many Faces: Every musician not only played, but also felt the music.
Each one with distinct and moving expressions.
No Two Rooms Alike: Each room, from furnishings to artwork, is completely different.
Every experience, even every floor, is completely unique.
Meet the Artist: Above each bed in the hotel is a drawing by Julie Gauthron, a Parisian artist.
From a Box of Crayons: From bright orange to calming blue, color enlivens this not-so-typical hotel near the Louvre in Paris.
Abroad, a theatre formed by the familiar meeting the unfamiliar: people to people, people to places, even places to people.
Learning of the other is necessary to carry on with conversations after that first exchange of tentative looks.
Hello, I don’t think we’ve met.
Each person only shares that chosen sliver of their personality.
Some offering a larger piece right from the thick of it, sweeter and satisfying, while others, the absolute end of their personality loaf, a little cooled, somewhat toughened, and expectantly unflavorful.
Like biting into a burnt cookie.
That first taste – those first words and first inaudible exchanges - a lingering substance that unknowingly seeps into the relationship to come.
First hellos almost spring from a situational math determined by the variables of person, place, and time.
For a visitor from friends or family, an immediate, acceptably goofy smile, as if from a memory, unabashfully leaps into a more malleable face.
Willing to show any mood to someone known for a while and who then traveled for even more than a while to get to my apartment door, my now home.
Let’s get your bags upstairs.
This year, many first time visitors came to Amsterdam, happy after a nine-hour flight from the States not only to see something familiar amongst the brew of flying bikes and cobblestone roads but also to meet their dependable guide to clear the path.
Their hello an enlivening attempt after an exhausting journey, usually unaware of the actual time or its facing direction.
Conversely, mine is more thought out.
I’ve planned for their arrival, and brought out the needed sheets the night before.
A towel this morning placed on the top.
Our last Skype session got me thinking of the things difficult to say over an Internet connection; potential topics for when we finally meet in person.
Ones drawn out during the last quarter of a long walk or in the middle of the main course at dinner.
Wehavealottotalkabout resonates at the end of some of those first hellos.
Somewhere between the “l” and the “o.”
The first hellos with a new acquaintance, however, slides out a little mechanical, one could say, in a prefabricated package.
My first hello warm, but not too hot, casual, but not too cold.
Composed to bear only the necessary to encourage the next steps of the conversation to, who knows - a new friendship with even a second hello.
Oh hey, nice to meet you.
My drink warming in my hand slightly in our first exchanges, and unintentionally, first assessments.
As a not-so-much, but still, newbie, outings to cull the crowds of new acquaintances is still needed to garner a more comfortable network in this not so big, but still sizable, city.
First hellos sometimes a result of last goodbyes with friends who moved to a nearby country or back to the States after their finite stay in Amsterdam.
Fresh first hellos almost unheard of with the quick turn over that keeps people unfamiliar and Amsterdam unfamiliar with its people.
Storeowners, the ones who enliven city blocks with history, a dependable face amid the ever-changing inhabitants, deserve a different greeting.
One that holds purpose in order to properly establish a presence in the store, and respect as a guest within their establishment.
Goedemiddag!
It’s important in the theatre abroad to subtly indicate ones lifespan within a city.
Though still a temporary Amsterdamer, my ability to properly, and comfortably, greet and respond in Dutch signals away from the sometimes-assumed vacationer to a potentially frequent customer.
My first hello truly a first impression in comparison to the other hellos, sometimes sharper and cleaner to let the shopkeeper continue with needed tasks, or open and questioning to converse away twenty minutes about, well, anything really, but usually the store.
And Amsterdamers chat as much as they bike, with casual conversations natural and easy to come by.
Every first hello with a familiar, soon to be familiar, or the ones who keep the city familiar suggests conversations that will resonate beyond those initial seconds.
Unspeakable conditions of comfort, interest, and even wavering thoughts signal future intentions and past goodbyes.
Of course many first hellos were said before these, however this new set is more distinctive in its utility and commitment.
The act of saying hello, especially with the variety of methods and languages available - people coming and going – is an art definitely worth practicing when living abroad.
All Invited: The streets along the canals were filled with everyone from drag queens to kids, tourists to seasoned city dwellers.
Supportive Crowd: The crowd showed their support by cheering, singing, and clapping.
Some dancing was also involved naturally.
Rain, Seen It: Though in the beginning it poured, the show kept going!
The performers on the canal boats were just as enthusiastic and energetic.
A Better View: Much to the dissatisfaction of the museum employees, some tried alternative methods to see the famous painting.
At the Front: Many crowded to see the painting behind a tightly monitored blockade.
My Own Photo: Though high resolutions photos of the famous painting can be found in books and on websites, many felt the urge to take their own.
A number of notable exports come from Europe.
Lamborghinis, Toblerone, Louis Vuitton, Chimay – all of which Americans pay a higher price to enjoy - oh, and French wines of course.
Items coveted for their exclusivity and status indication, sitting in their own category price points above the widely available brands, which usually cannot compete with that kind of aura.
It’s a two-way street, this global economy, America contributing with their MTV, Apple, Marc Jacobs, Lady Gaga, and Starbucks, all of which outfit the streets of Paris or coveted corners of Barcelona, slightly tweaked for the soil they lay on.
Language, a more malleable substance, participates in an area’s culture more intimately than an imported product, however.
Acclimating as much to the people as its location, language tailored from its original state begins to befit a population through chosen vocabulary and specific expressions.
I thought I knew English.
I professed my creative ability to form distinctive descriptions with pinpointed words in a purposeful word order.
I even enjoyed forming every growing vocabulary lists from words found within novels or news stories, unfamiliar or just good-to-remember for future uses.
Ones heard out on the street, however, or seen on menus and read on bags at the grocery store differed from the words in my literary pursuits.
They were certainly English, but, as English experienced many alterations and additions from its travels, not found in American English.
In a sense, one and a half languages required my attentive studies: Dutch and European English.
Thus far, a number of European English words replaced their American equivalent.
From SMS to football, below stand the ones most prominent in my European street studies, some of the language imports I might bring back to the States after my travels.
SMS: “SMS me.”
You want me to what?
When?
Oh, wait, that means short message service – got it.
Yes, instead of texting, I will SMS you later.
Petrol: Though a dedicated city bike rider these days, my occasional car rides exposed a different driving vocabulary.
In Europe, petrol fuels cars, not gasoline.
Moreover, at the petrol station, one might even need to check the motor under the “bonnet” or take something out of the “boot” before proceeding down the highway.
Take-Away: When ordering food to be enjoyed at home, or even in the park, the dishes are distinguished as take away, not take out, as we say back in the States.
A dramatic description apt for the task as the dishes travel further than just outside the door.
Canteen: The term “cafeteria” recalls my grade school days of plastic-like mozzarella toppings on pizza and milk in pouches, food unimaginable in this organic age.
As an adult, I prefer to eat at the canteen to my not-so-glamorous childhood cafeteria.
Aubergine: A word my up-to-date Word program does not recognize.
A dish once blindly ordered at the recommendation of a Turkish restaurant owner, only to be pleasantly surprised by my old friend, eggplant.
Chips: Okay, follow me for a moment.
Chips means fries, and crisps means chips in European English.
Chips are eaten with mayonnaise, usually, and chips are eaten out of a bag.
I’ll just take carrots instead of this chip-crisp business.
Holiday: Vacation and holiday; the roots of these words differ greatly.
Vacation, from vacate and holiday from holy day.
A vacation in the States constitutes a four to five day excursion fueled by exhaustion only to end in the need for another.
And holiday in Europe, well as the word suggests, holidays are a religion.
Football: In Europe, football suggests more than just the game.
Everything revolves around the sport just as much as American football.
Switching between the term soccer and football holds no difficulty as completely different means encompass both words on each continent.
Each continent’s English requires an attentive interest to understand the subtleties that reflect each population’s sensibilities.
Adapting more British English, the closer of the two continents as well as the English taught in school, formal European English picks from a different vocabulary, certain words arguably more refined in their configuration and audible quality than the American equivalent.
Aubergine more beckoning than eggplant, canteen more cultivated than cafeteria.
American English’s casual quality, like a wrinkled shirt fashionable from its worn in appearance, allows for it’s lacing into everyday conversation of European English.
American slang taken from television and music, one of our most prominent imports across the ocean, widely available to be interpreted and used when the meaning fits the situation more aptly.
One day, I see these two vocabularies from European English and American English intermixing to form a greater language, but before any of that can occur, they need to be imported and exported between continents.
Traded like fine wine or craft beer.
And the best thing is, unlike Lamborghinis, Toblerone, Louis Vuitton, and Chimay, language is free.
Champ de Mars: A family looks over the park behind the Eiffel Tower contently mesmerized.
A Long Wait: The line for the elevator up the Eiffel Tower was as long as the tower was tall.
La Basilique du Sacre Coeur de Montmartre: After the Eiffel Tower, the Basilica in the background is the highest point in the city.
At the Base: Around the windmill, boats passed on the Spaarne River on a rare sunny Saturday.
Above the Rooftops: The windmill that was rebuilt in 2002 could be seen from a small street in Haarlem.
The Cafe Below: At the top, an expansive view of the city unfolded over the river and surrounding city blocks.
Somewhere around Oefening 42, Hoofdstuk 5, I put my pencil down and looked up at the train conductor.
He wanted a proof of payment.
As I fiddled with the lock securing my purse to access my wallet, he shifted as to get a look at the book unfolded on my lap.
A movement unnoticed by many, but my experience with others’ extended glances and subtle leans rallied my awareness.
Yes, this is my Dutch language workbook and I am only on Chapter 5 out of 24.
My morning forty-minute train ride, fresh from a quick bike ride and night’s rest, undistracted from the scenery in between stops - a constant state of farmland, flatland, cows, house farmland, flatland, cow, house - befitted language learning.
Interruptions only included standard announcements and unnecessarily loud conversations, both of which turned into background noise after my first question or two.
When pulling the bright green workbook out of my backpack graced with a staged photo of two people overlooking the canals with their bikes at hand, I used to make sure the cover faced inward.
Slightly blushed like a third-grader quietly sentenced to an afterschool math tutor through whispers that could be heard by the captivated classroom.
Silly it seemed that embarrassment first stemmed from not knowing the language to now studying the language, so that feeling was readily dropped from my composed concerns.
Yet, my gentle pride still would still redesign the cover if given the chance.
Dutch, deemed difficult to learn on account of the ggghhh in “Graag” and oouuu “Duits,” does possess sounds unfamiliar to my native English tongue.
Previously, those sounds only coughed up and then purposefully washed away by Robitussin when fighting a cold.
At first, the group of consonants and vowels jerked through my ear, awkwardly traveling across foreign territory, unable to be caught and untangled properly.
A sentence with nine words manifested into only two, while some conversations around me passed purposefully unnoticed.
For the last couple of months I have attended language classes every other week for two and a half hour sessions; the time in between encouraging extra studying and real life practice with the modicum that I knew.
A benefit to me, as previous confusions demystified, and a source of entertainment for others with the unique questions presented from a customer.
It rained unexpectedly as we finished our dinner of naan, rice, and spicy dal.
The canvas backpack sitting behind my chair anything but waterproof to protect my camera on the bike ride home.
A simple fix, however, in a restaurant with plastic bags for leftovers.
Confidently I walked over to the bar where the owner and the waiter talked in between serving plates of tandoori chicken paired with Kingfisher beer and ringing up a satisfied customer.
“Ik wil graag twee plastic tafels alstublieft”
The cashier paused, and the owner looked over, probably digesting why this little lady wanted two plastic tables.
Well, actually many reasons could justify that need, but not for a rainy bike ride home.
After describing my dilemma, twee plastic tassen were alternatively prescribed and I nodded: confirming his suggestion and acknowledging my last time confusing those two words.
Somehow in the classroom tas and tafel posed a difficulty – I put books in my table and ate dinner at my bag supposedly – but now, real life taught me the final lesson.
One that I will never forget.
With Chapter 6 soon on the lesson plan, who knows what fodder lies ahead for unexpected language encounters.
Without embarrassment and an adapted willingness to make mistakes, I am prepared - as long as others are as well.
A warning needs to be delivered beforehand to all of the native Dutch speakers that some of my unscripted conversations have their outtakes, all of which are allowed to be retold and laugh over while sipping beers with friends.
Trust me, it’s not a problem, I will be doing the same.
The unpredictable assemblage of sentences and words into a conversation cannot be absolutely scripted.
Yes, dialogue models, like ones used to teach language, formulate archetypal exchanges to simulate its actual application, but like driving the streets of Amsterdam with Google Maps, obstacles and happenstance interrupts any planned journey.
Luckily as a bicyclist, my two-wheeled latitude jumps and swivels around any road obstruction, but my charm and good looks does not do the same with language.
Unfortunately.
With the plan to call Amsterdam home for more than two years, language proficiency stands as a requirement.
An opinion that might differ from person to person, especially living amid the adept, English speaking Dutch and apparent expat community, however as a younger citizen unattached from an already existing family unit or relationship brought over from abroad, a comfortable outfit demands discovery.
And though crossing the ordained boundaries of social makeups can be accomplished without Dutch, a faint expiration date brushes upon one’s forehead.
A reason for anyone to pick from a more reliable batch, and at other times a label disregarded.
Either way it still felt like an involuntary twitch.
A physical response to something only felt or imagined, and brushed at as if tactile.
During the first season in a new country, a general acceptance of a limited local language capacity lets the entire subject slide.
Meanwhile, small amounts are picked up with the same joy and satisfaction of a six-year-old during an Easter egg hunt, instantly gratified by the quick discovery and accompanying reward (even sweeter if a treat-filled egg).
It’s simple really: say this, receive that.
The first language lessons include standing close enough to the person in front of you, listening to their conversation, observing the results, and repeating.
A couple of attempts ratified a proper execution, and for months this secured a local feeling.
Even encouraged by a spicy, “Nee, hoor” instead of the plain “Nee,” or “Bedankt” to switch it up from “Dank u wel.”
Wild, crazy, adventurous … but not quite a sign of a complete acclimation, especially when the script unravels.
The cover of my just-getting-by parroting approach with its incomplete vocabulary and short responses revealed when an unrecognized question hovers in front of me, waiting for an answer.
That quick mouth after a couple of months bridled by those initial successes, requiring a new method to uncoil, lengthen, and fortify those fine yarns of language so no script is necessary.
