Inner peace.
Cheesy phrase really, overused by many and the true meaning of the words elude most people, myself included.
I don't know that I have ever set out in search of "inner peace", but on my recent trip to Veracruz for the ATMEX convention, it kind of found me.
The last few years of my life have been...well..."chaotic".
My personal growth was stunted and I was trapped in a cycle of negativity and self-doubt that seemed endless.
My life situation has been improving over the last year, IMMENSELY actually, but I still hadn't found that light inside of myself that allowed me to breathe with ease and truly enjoy the good things I have in my life.
On my departure for Veracruz, I looked forward to adventure and business contacts and a break from my routine.
What I did not foresee was the spiritual voyage I was embarking on.
Reading the agenda for the government sponsored fam trip with 50 travel professionals, I certainly didn't anticipate a life changing experience, but that's exactly what I encountered.
Writing this is actually harder than I thought, though I have been mulling it over for more than a month.
How exactly to put into words all the happened to me in that week?
I guess I will try to keep it simple, the "Three Easy Steps to Inner Peace in Veracruz".
And here we go.
After a day of adventure at Mexico Verde, riding mountain bikes and zooming along ziplines, we were scheduled to participate in the ancient tradition of the "temazcal".
Much like a Native Canadian sweat lodge, the ritual has been used for centuries by many cultures in Mexico as a form of cleansing and communicating with the gods.
Ten of us entered the pitch black dome with the wise man/healer.
At first there were giggles and titters, uncomfortable moments with the unknown.
As the healer began to pile on the hot stones and pour water over them, the enclosure filled with steam and we began to sweat.
Profusely.
And we began to share.
Our hopes.
Jokes.
Love.
The healer asked us to make our hands into fists, as tight as we could and to tense our bodies.
I could feel the pressure of the years, the negative energies built up inside of me.
We were then told to scream, to release it all, let it all hang out and to release the tension.
And again.
And again.
Until I felt limp.
I felt like for the first time in a long time, I was beginning to relax, making a space inside of me for something new, something positive, something light.
The temazcal was getting hotter and hotter, I was sweating as though someone had poured a bucket of water over me, yet I felt light and free and in touch with the universe.
As we exited the space into the fresh night air, I looked up to the stars and smiled.
The next evening we found ourselves in Catemaco, Veracruz, enjoying a welcome cocktail and snacks.
We were informed that our hosts had brought in some local shamans to do private cleansings.
A few of us made our way to the shore of the lake where we waited our turns to speak with the wise people.
It turned out that the shamans did not speak English and most of the guests did not speak Spanish, so I stepped forward to translate.
These were "basic cleansings" mostly, the usual (this was not my first rodeo as they say).
Ask the gods to protect, clean out negative energies, invite positive energies, tada, five or ten minutes max.
When my turn rolled around, I stepped before Rosalia, she began the basics and stopped.
Stopped cold.
And looked into my eyes for what seemed like forever.
She then reached her hand out to touch my heart and said "You are blocked here".
She moved her hand to my stomach and said "And you are carrying sadness here".
And she informed me that she could not continue with the regular cleansing until we had dealt with some issues.
She then proceeded to tell me about my past and my present situations...in spooky detail.
I began to cry.
She KNEW things.
Specific things.
My relationships, experiences, and my character traits, good and bad.
She knew I have a bad back and that it has troubled me for 20 years.
She knew that I was recovering from a bad relationship of seven years.
She knew I had a son.
She knew I had a new love.
She KNEW.
She offered me guidance, hope, insight, tools for the future.
She released me and opened me up and began to fill the spaces I had created in the temazcal with light.
I walked away feeling dizzy, overwhelmed and realized I had been speaking with her for more than 45 minutes.
I looked in the sky to see the moon over the lake, red as blood, I kid you not.
(The photos came out blurry, but the blood red moon was definitely not a figment of my imagination).
A powerful and magical experience.
The next morning we set out across the lake as the sun was rising over the mountains, destined for the nature reserve of Nanciyaga.
It is known as a place where the white witches gather, full of powerful positive forces.
The scenery was spectacular, magical in its own right, watching the ball of fire burst over the peaks left me speechless.
We enjoyed a light breakfast, had a tour of the forest, a natural mud mask and made our way to a clearing in the trees.
And then there was light.
We danced.
We sang.
We chanted to the goddess of nature, to earth, to the cardinal points.
We were cleansed by shamans as a woman sang and played the harp.
And I cried.
And cried.
I couldn't stop myself, it was mildly embarrassing really, but it didn't matter, these were happy tears.
I was being filled.
I had rid myself of the negativity and the stress and the fear and the pressure and I was finally allowing myself to embrace.....ME.
The positive me, the loving me, the talented and intelligent and beautiful me.
Filled with light and love and joy.
ME.
And inner peace.
The cheesy "cursi" word, but there it was.
And I didn't even know I was looking for it.
So this tale is long and it's not even complete, to share it with you fully we would need to share a couple of hammocks, a cooler full of beer and a night-long chat.
The story continues of course, I must take what I learned and apply it to my daily life, remember these moments when I begin to fall and share it with those who could use a lift.
It's a personal tale and I thank you for listening, er, reading, I hope that it may offer inspiration or at the very least a few moments of entertainment.
Cheesy or not, it's a gift that I now accept and hope to pass on.
Namaste my friends, namaste.
Uhhh, no.
I rarely stop Max from doing something adventurous, but as the cliff was over 4 meters high and the tree added at least another 2, I felt it was my motherly duty to say "no" to a 6 meter leap into a cenote.
I love that he is daring (like his mom), but I suppose I have to draw the line somewhere (don't I?).
To his credit, he accepted the "no" with only a minor grumble and proceeded to jump from the cliff.
Over and over and over again.
People were lined up on the top to take their turn, many hesitating for a long time, some deciding they did not have the courage.
Max embarrassed a few "chickens" into making the jump, their friends mocking them saying "The little kid has done it a hundred times, just do it once!"
I made my leap, then donned my mask and snorkel and proceeded to take a few vueltas around the cenote.
Jardin del Eden is one of the prettiest cenotes I've seen, an open cenote with gorgeous underwater rock formations that make it seem like you are looking at the surface of the moon.
The fish life is abundant here, not just the little toe nippers and catfish I've seen at other cenotes, but some multi-coloured beauties with big back fins that fan out when they fight with each other, neon yellow plant eaters, tiger-striped bottom dwellers and a plethora of others.
We witnessed a cave diving lesson in the open part of cenote, the guide-lines laid out on the bottom teaching the student how to navigate.
There are caves leading off from this cenote, I've seen divers appear out of nowhere from openings you cannot see from the surface.
The area around the cenote is green and lush, clean and well kept with a couple of palapas set up with tables and chairs, a few hammocks strung around and BIG iguanas who are not shy about approaching humans who are eating and begging for bread.
We spent the whole day jumping, snorkeling, swimming, diving deep, reading under the palapa and experimenting with the new camera.
I'm learning what works and what doesn't with the new toy (Nikon Coolpix AW100), overall I am really happy with it, just have to nail down my own techniques.
Don't move too fast while shooting video, get as close to your subject as possible underwater (sediment interferes big time) and just shoot shoot shoot, something good will eventually pop out.
Max and Mike are super models (fierce!) underwater, you would almost think they have gills.
Actually, I'm pretty sure Max is growing some, he's happier in the water than out.
Just like his Ma.
"Cheaper than Walmart!" "One dollar, one dollar!"
"I rip you off less!"
The typical phrases of the vendors in the touristy markets of Cancun like Mercado 28 and Coral Negro, hawking their t-shirts and shot glasses to sunburnt travellers and trying to make a few pesos to feed their families.
Unfortunately most tourists think that these are traditional Mexican markets, but in a real market you won't hear those shouts, certainly not in English.
A "real" market is a place where locals gather to purchase fresh vegetables, cheeses, meats and fish, in addition to various gew gaws, decorations, art and of course piñatas and religious relics.
The local market in Cancun is called "Mercado 23", a lively and colourful place where you'll find few if any tourists.
The twisty-turny paths may at first seem random, but after a couple of visits you'll discover the butcher path, vegetable row and where to find the shamans, dry goods, jewelers and the best stores to buy a huge yellow lace and satin dress for your quincenara.
The aromas of fish and incense mingle with the smell of flowers and deep fried pig skin.
Looking to beat up Justin Bieber with a stick, just head to "El Granero" where they will design and make a piñata in just about any form.
Need an ¨amarre¨ (love spell), pay a visit to the "healers" to pick up everything you need to make that special someone fall head over heels, even against their will.
The best time to visit is in the morning, of course, while everything is fresh.
Weekends are busy times, families out together to do their weekly shopping.
Anyone visiting Cancun in the days before "Day of the Dead" will be treated to incredible displays of "Zempoalxochitl" (marigolds), sugar skulls, "papel picado", calaveras and "Catrinas", candles and a plethora of statues of saints and religious icons.
It's a great place to find a souvenir completely unique and authentic to take back home for Aunt Sally instead of a "Made in China" Cancun ashtray.
The market is safe to visit, though you may want to bring a Spanish speaking friend with you.
It's located around the intersections of Tulum and Chichen Itza (the streets, not the archaelogical sites!) in downtown Cancun.
Next time you visit Cancun, skip the Walmart and the tourist plazas and have yourself a real market experience in Mercado 23!
More photos of Mercado 23 here....
"Paddles up! Langostinos!"
Shouts ring out over the roar of the river, celebrating the crossing of our first set of rapids.
We're on the Rio Antigua in Jalcomulco, Veracruz, we're on a floating, bouncing piece of yellow rubber, we are wet and we are desperately holding on to our "50 dollars" (the formal name given to the paddles by our guides, losing them was going to cost us).
And we are eager for the next rapid run.
When I received the invitation to attend the ATMEX conference in Veracruz, I was honoured.
When I discovered that the trip included a white water rafting excursion, I was through the roof.
It would be my first time on a rapids adventure, first time in Veracruz and first time "glamping" (glamour camping).
The month before the trip I found myself obsessively watching rafting videos and checking out photos of our accommodations in Jalcomulco with Mexico Verde Expediciones.
I went through the very girly phase of wardrobe planning, lugged my overpacked bags to the airport and left my boys to fend for themselves for a week.
I spent the first night at Las Brisas in the city of Veracruz, checked out the historic center of the port town and caught up with some old friends.
The next day we gathered in the lobby of the hotel to meet our travelling buddies for the week and the fifty of us found ourselves on a luxury bus, ready to head to the mountains.
We felt super V.I.P. with our very own police escort for the entire three hour journey.
We stopped first in Chichicaxtla to check out the famous bird-watching site of ProNatura (millions and millions of birds of prey migrate through this area every year).
We didn't see many birds as it was early in the season, but we got a little education on how the migrations work, fascinating place!
(I was only mildly disappointed to discover that "raptors" were birds and not Jurassic Park dinosaurs).
We arrived at Mexico Verde in late afternoon and checked in to our super luxe tents.
This was the life!
In the gorgeous mountains, in comfy beds, strong hot shower and bathroom in the tent and a "balcony" in front.
We were treated to a great meal, drinks and a traditional carnival.
I crashed out pretty early, ready for a big day of adventure, waiting for our 6:30 am wake up call.
Which came with the banging of pots and pans and the staff shouting "Bueeeeeenoooooos diiiiiiaaaas!
Queeee bonitooooo dia!"
I was already awake, having heard the sneaky coffee elves bringing the morning brew to our tent's balcony (told you, glamping!) and couldn't help but laugh and feel the excitement of the day to come.
After lots of coffee and a delicious breakfast, we were off on our first trek!
Which, truth be told, I was NOT that excited about.
Biking through the mountains for someone who is terrified of bikes, well, I had to take the challenge but let's just say it was less than successful and less than fun for this Canuck who hasn't been on a bike since she was twelve.
The second part of the day's adventure was certainly more up my alley, ziplining through the trees like Tarzan is way more my speed, even more exciting as the lines were fairly, er, rustic.
Exhausted and nursing a sore bottom from the bike ride, I was happy to indulge in a chelada delivered to my tent before dinner.
That night we had a Temazcal, but that's a story for a different day.
We awoke even earlier the next day, the big day, THE DAY.
It was time, time to go white water rafting!
I happily donned my rash guard and board shorts, scarfed down some breakfast and sat in the front row for the safety speech.
First we were introduced to "50 dollars".
They are not called paddles, they are "50 dollars" and were called thusly for the remainder of the day (and for the rest of my life I do believe).
We were taught how to sit, what to do if we fell out, how to paddle and how to avoid having our heads crushed on the rocks.
Awesome!
Quick bus ride to the head of the river and we were ready to rock.
We divided into teams, those of us that spoke Spanish were spread among the boats to help out the guides.
Our boat of five plus two guides promptly christened ourselves the "Langostinos" for the fresh seafood found in the Rio Antigua.
Maybe not the toughest name, but it worked for us!
For the next three hours, we paddled, we rolled, we splashed and floated down 22 kms of the Rio Antigua, one of the most famous white water rafting rivers in all of Mexico.
Past rocky cliffs rising out of the water with majestic mountains in the distance, the roar of the river in our ears and the smell of "fresh" that can only be found in the most natural places.
My heart was racing and my soul was singing the lyrics from "The Sound of Music".
The rapids may have been only class 2 and 3, but I was thrilled, for my first time out it was absolutely ideal (though as we neared the end of the trip I wanted more, more, more!)
It was the perfect way to satisfy my desire for adventure and adrenaline, I could have done it all day long (unlike the mountain biking where I found myself crying "taxi!" a few hundred meters in).
We reluctantly dragged our rafts on to the shore and toasted each other with cold beers.
I stepped back to observe and absorbed the vibe, 50 people from very different lives, full of energy, everyone smiling, high five-ing, hugging and patting each other on the back.
A blissful moment etched in my brain forever.
Oh my it has been a long time.
Too long.
I realize that the blog has been hanging out in the shadows of my mind, nudging me from time to time and whispering "Hoooooola, te extrañoooooo¨.
The truth of the matter is that I lost track of what this blog is about.
Expat/mommy/news/adventure/general nonsense, I have kind of covered it all since beginning in 2007.
In becoming a "professional" blogger, writer and social media maven, the time for my personal blog mostly disappeared, the inspiration was lost and it all seemed like a duty instead of something fabulous and fun.
I have begun to really it miss it though and hope that by taking a leap with this (unplanned/unstructured/off the top of my head) post, I can get the ball rolling again.
So, what have you missed?
Or where should I start?
"Hi, my name is Kelly and I am a M.I.A. blogger trying to get back on the horse".
My gorgeous little monkey is now seven years old and tonnes of trouble, mommy work is taking its toll on me truth be told.
The separation from his dad hit him hard and he is acting out in all kinds of ingenious ways.
I've got a new fabulous love in my life who helps me enormously, he is kind, generous, gentle, gentlemanly, intelligent, creative, funny, talented (need I mention sexy?).
He's great with Max and the two of them are figuring out how they fit into each other's lives.
The kitty cat count is up to five, which means cat hair count is up to gazillions, but I love them all (all the cats, not all the hairs).
Thankfully Max and Mike (new guy has a name!) love the kitties too, otherwise we may have a rebellion on our hands.
I've had a plethora of adventures in the last few months, I am loving having a "newbie" to Cancun to show around!
I introduced Mike to four archaeological sites in one month (he's a trooper/!)
I've taken my city boy to Tulum, Akumal, Playa del Carmen, Puerto Morelos, Isla Mujeres, Merida, Valladolid and a few secret points in between.
We've snorkeled with sea turtles, explored the lagoon at Yal Ku, checked out the reef and a few cenotes.
We swam with dolphins and sailed on a catamaran, rappelled and ziplined.
He's learned the best way to rig a beach umbrella without losing an eye, how to deal with "constant sand-in-the-pants syndrome" and that sunglasses are a health item, not a fashion accessory.
I learned that marquesitas are not a national food but are something local.
(Who knew?
They are everywhere here but Mike had never heard of them!
Something new everyday, even after nine years.)
My most recent adventure is probably what has inspired me to begin writing again.
On a trip to Veracruz a couple of weeks ago, I had a pretty big spiritual awakening.
Negative energy out, positive energy in, practically smacking me upside the head to get moving with what I love.
Finding my voice, finding my place in the world and in the cybersphere, and encountering the path to love myself and thrive on this big blue marble we call home.
I'm on the road to wellness, feeling good, feeling full of amor and buenas vibras, and ready to rock the world.
So, this IS the relaunch of Cancun Canuck.
In a way it's a new start, I will be "rebranding" to be "A Canuck in Mexico", I don't want to be limited to the niche of Cancun and the Riviera Maya (though of course it's my home so it will likely take prominence).
I want to discover ALL of Mexico's beauty and share it with the world.
I'll slip in a few mommy moments, a dash of expat observations (though I no longer feel like an expat, I am sure it will come up) and snippets of my life and my loves.
I will be redesigning and coming out with a "new look" blog soon!
Never turn your back on the sea.
It will tumble you like dice.
Up becomes down.
All control is torn from you in one wet reeling moment.
Outstanding.
Madeline’s kids arrive today.
Fresh blood!
Mads has been skipping about all morning in anticipation, and when they arrive I can see why.
Twinkley, handsome Michael and his pretty wife, Michelle.
Mad’s daughter Cathy and her wife, Audrey.
Everyone friendly, happy.
We group troop to Maxim’s for supper and I make the dubious choice of ordering a whole red snapper, which arrives, of course, with head and tail, one dead eye staring glassily up at me from the plate.
I stare back silently until Jayme offers to de-bone the thing for me.
I can’t get it into her hands fast enough, and watch with fascinated horror as she neatly chops off the head, slits its belly open, and removes its entire rib cage and spinal cord.
I pretend to be pleased when she hands its torn remains back to me, but those horrible women, Cathy and Audrey, sitting across from me, are giggling at my expression and snapping shots of my queasy face with Mum’s camera.
Vile girls.
And they seemed so nice.
Later, we three go for a late night dip in the pool, and I contemplate quietly drowning them both, but jailhouse grey is not my colour, and alas, they are both charming.
Ixtapa island!
Reached by little boats which putt-putt us the 10 minutes across the waves.
Today the swells by the docks at both ends are big enough that it takes two brown and brawny men to try and hold the boat to the dock, while another to help us in.
The boat is swaying and dipping, suddenly moving 3 feet away from the dock as someone is about to step in, then slamming against the stone, nearly crushing our legs.
We all make it, even Candy Kay, aged 87, although her niece, Cathy, helping her, says she could feel her heart, jackrabbit fast.
There is never a complaint or a gasp from this gal.
She follows instructions and stays safe.
I find out later she is petrified of water.
She is Queen of The Troopers, that Kay, adventuring right along with the rest of us, cracking crude jokes about mice, and somehow remaining a thorough little lady.
On the island, which is lovely of course, we all decide to get henna tattoos.
I choose a gecko.
Mum and Mads get hummingbirds dipping into lilies.
Cathy gets a dolphin, and Kay? Kay wants to know what sort of tattoo will get her into the army base on a day pass.
The amused local says he can give her a big letter K, and she settles for this, although she grumbles it won’t be much good without her phone number under it.
We all have the best time.
On my last night we end up back at Che Mangiano.
Patti and I dance all night and she invites me to see the ‘real Ixtapa.’
Mum is naturally anxious at this development but Cathy convinces her I will be fine, then tells me to never leave my drink un-attended.
Sound advice.
I get a lot of advice from all these dames.
All of it sound.
Affectionate.
I have had a bounty of Mums these last two weeks , and rather than it being annoying, it has made me feel warm and happy.
When I am left alone on the dance floor, I turn to Patti who pulls me into her arms, yelling ‘Girl, you are all mine now!
Time to re-load.
Come on.’We
pile into the SUV belonging to band-mate Ralph, along with bass player Roberto and Patti’s beau, Mango Dave.
We drive 10 minutes to Planet Beer, a big doughnut of tavernas and juke joints.
Cars slowly cruise.
Gaggles of girls in  tiny skirts saunter the boardwalk.
Hot rods blare music from mounted speakers.
I smell beer, exhaust, frying tortillas.
It is a deafening cacophony.
Patti says this is where the locals come after work, after putting the tourists to bed.
We grab beers, and wander, stopping outside an open-air restaurant blaring 70’s funk, and dance on the sidewalk.
They drop me off outside my gates, and Patti and I hug goodbye with promises to email, facebook, and assorted other missives of the millennium.
Tomorrow is my last day.
The town of Zihuatanejo has been a fishing village for many decades.
Everyone calls it Zihua ( Zeewa).
Resorts and high rises tried to move in but were unsuccessful.
Locals said no, and they said no firmly.
The town hunkers down around a lovely bay filled with ships and boats of all sizes.
Hills rise up on three sides, and ramshackle houses cluster everywhere.
Little open-air stalls rub elbows with the pricier boutiques that can afford a glass front and door.
Everyone talks to us as we walk by: “Hola Senorita!
Good price for you today.
Almost free!”
The shops bulge with bright cotton dresses, jewellery of silver, obsidian, shells and wood.
Carvings too of dolphins, turtles, swordfish, whale.
Lean dogs slink around the moving cars and wander the streets, some of them clearly sick with mange, fleas, and a host of other afflictions.
The Mothers look particularly exhausted and my chest and stomach cramp with sadness.
I stop frequently to pet them, and the lean cats too.
I do see some well-fed animals, usually with an ex pat.
Patti tells me the police and locals often bring animals to the homes of the ex pats, knowing they will take them.
Her friend has 7 dogs and 4 cats and Patti herself has 3 dogs.
If I lived here, my home would fill up with animals over-night, while I would end up on the beach sleeping on a tea towel.
Anita is shepherding a group of people, including Mumsy and I, to a far-flung beach called Barra de Potosi.
We take a couple buses and then find ourselves in the back of a tarp-roofed truck, rumbling along pitted roads to the sea.
The countryside is dry and wild, with rudimentary fences of sun-bleached wood and cacti twice as tall as me.
Goats and cows graze and stare.
We come to a dusty cluster of stores, and beyond the beach-side restaurants and a stunning beach, wide and calm.
Long tables under thatched roofs await us and Fernando the proprietor of La Condesa greets Anita as an old friend.
Two thin dogs, both girls, rise from the sand, timidly, hopefully wagging their tails.
I go and sit with them and they shove their soft noses into my armpits and lap.
So many dogs with no names.
I bet they have names for each other.
Secret names we will never know.
We order beer.
We order shots of tequila and creamy shrimp nestled in avocado halves.
Many people are feeding the dogs from the table, and even tho they are obviously very hungry, they always take the food gently.
I meet Anita’s friend Dee.
She is a broad, in the best sense of the word, and her silver hair is slicked at the sides and straight up into a pompadour.
She is loud and shiny, and we take to each other at once.
Mumsy and I go for a beach walk and the shore side is sparsely populated with little bungalow motels and quaint b and b’s.
Not a high-rise in sight.
Back under the thatched palapa our table is strewn with beach jewels, presided over by a girl named Yadira.
Anita has known her since she was 14, and 5 years later she has a husband and two children.
Anita can never remember her name so calls her Velveeta, which Yadira accepts with grave courtesy.
I buy bracelets for my Montreal posse.
We all buy jewels.
I can’t haggle with her.
I know they expect it, and everyone else is doing it, but they are so poor, and those few extra dollars might make a big difference.
I pay the price she asks, and hand over the bill.
I glance away, and when I look back I see her quietly make the sign of the cross, and, eyes closed, kiss the bill quickly before stuffing it into her tattered bag.
Birds here are numerous and varied, with names like the Great-tailed Grackle, the Kiskadee, the Vermillion Flycatcher.
Ibis, both grey and white, Egrets both Great and Snowy.
There is a primordial quality to the pelican, iguana, gecko and the dreaded crocs.
Every day and all day the pelicans dive for fish 100 feet out from our beach.
Straight down and at the last minute their wings fold and they splash clumsily into the waves.
Rather than the dangly pouch I am accustomed to seeing in pictures, their beaks are long and sharp.
It is not until they catch the fish and are floating in the water with a full mouth does the pouch descend, only to disappear as soon as they begin to dive again.
Frigate birds wheel higher still and the herons daintily pick their way along the shore.
Every night my dreams are bountiful- long sagas, faces not seen for years.
I hang out with Anna Paquin.
I sing and dance, occasionally rescue strangers.
They are Save the Day dreams.
Last day.
My flight does not leave until 7 tonight.
A pall hangs in the air, the day, speckled with goodbyes.
A final trip into town where I purchase a silver gecko keychain, so each time I leave and enter my home and car I will touch something to remind me of my time here.
I write this from the beach, my last few hours here in the sand.
I am hyper aware of all the ‘lasts’- last lunch with Mumsy, last swim in the Spanish surf.
My heart is already in knots, thinking of saying goodbye to Mum.
This has been our first holiday alone together, and we have discovered we are good room-mates, and compadres.
Our energies and preferences are similar enough that we weave around and through each other with ease.
She sits near me now, reading in our palapa, and I miss her already.
Christ.
I am such a sap today.
I walk to the shore to have a final saunter through the shallows.
I go years without my beloved Sea, so I murmur endearments to her, which costs me a suspicious glance from a tourist matron waddling by.
I resist the impulse to roll my eyes back into my head and gibber at her.
Right.
Time now for goodbyes.
I take a deep breath and prepare to run the farewell gauntlet, Mumsy at my side.
Out of the condo and down the path we reach Anita-Tata.
Candy Kay and Mads say soft, sweet things into my ear as we embrace.
Anita gives me last minute hand luggage advice and a hard hug.
Then it’s past the pool-side crew, Tequila Bob at the helm, as always, everyone waving and calling out to me, and then the courtyard and the waiting taxi.
Angus and Helen Mirren are there and we hug too.
I am sad not to be able to say goodbye to Jayme – lovely James- and Cathy, but suddenly they appear, out of breath, grinning, delicious, and right into my waiting arms.
At last I turn to my Mother.
Mom.
Mum.
Mumsy.
We both fight tears and hold tight.
No one is harder to say goodbye to than her.
We whisper to each other and pull apart at last.
I am so glad to be leaving her in this place surrounded by her adored sun and surf, and the love and protection of so many stalwart friends.
Long have I yearned to be in the company of a group of gals a little farther along the road than me, and my wish has come true.
These ladies are strong, brave, compassionate, silly and wise.
I stare out the back of the cab at Mum as it drives me off.
She is grinning through her tears and holding her beer bottle aloft in salute.
Thank you, Mum.
For making this truly magical fortnight possible.
For taking such joy in seeing me happy.
For the wonder that is you.
Te amo!
Ixtapa once consisted entirely of coconuts, miles and miles of plantation acreage.
In the 1970’s developers moved in and hotels sprang up along the beautiful beach.
We leave the compound and walk to the town along manicured boulevards and pretty sidewalks inlaid with shell and stone.
It is very clean, very neat, until we reach a sort of flea market, dozens of little stalls crammed together.
I feel like I am in Mexico again when I enter here.
It is dirty, smelly, hot and raucous, stuffed with jewels, bright clothes, ceramics, key chains, bags, hats.
You name it and it is probably available to you.
After 30 minutes of this I am claustrophobic and dart back out to the open air with Mumsy, and we continue our stroll past their version of 7 eleven, Oxxo, past Scruples, the big grocery store, and end up on the pretty side-walk patio of Salsa, where we order 2 for 1 margaritas and kick back.
We are talking about Mum’s breast cancer a decade before, subsequent lumpectomy, and clean bill of health.
Me: If it was me, I would want to see the cancerous lump once it was excised.
Her: Oh, I did ask to see it.
It looked like a lump of hamburger.
Me: Wow.
Raw or cooked?
Her: Raw of course.
Who on earth would want to cook it?
We settle easily into a routine, with days alternating between beach and adventures outside the complex, and nights alternating between dinners out and staying in.
I love the evenings in with Mumsy.
We cook, we set the table, complete with candles, and feast.
The produce is incredible, as is the various fish.
Conversation is free-flowing and intimate, with the strains of Duke Ellington wafting from my laptop.
Then we each grab a book and slip into our beds for a long read, punctuated with chat.
Mum tells me an exchange she had on the beach with Lady Kay, 87 years young.
Mum: (gazing skyward) I don’t recognise those birds up there.
(pointing to some aimlessly circling)
Kay (speaking with authority) Fakawi
Mum: Fakawi?
Kay: Yes.
Where the fuck are we?
A waterway winds through our condo complex, tangled and swampy, rising and falling with the tides.
Crocodiles slide along the surface, scaly barges.
Their slow watchful-ness is highly discomfiting.
The white, pretty birds, Ibis, wade near the shore and keep a close eye on them.
Last night we heard an awful screaming as a crocodile caught one and dragged it under.
They can jump ten feet into the air.
They can run faster than me.
They make my blood run as cold as their own.
The golf course is on either side of this canal, and in the mornings, at low tide, the Mexican caddies wade in to retrieve the balls.
There are more than a few hands with fingers missing.
Before leaving Montreal I contacted friend Kelly, a Canuck now living in Cancun, and she put me in touch with a Canuck in Zihuatanejo, Patti.
We have had a few tentative email exchanges and tonight the ladies and I are going to the Ixtapa Marina and Che Mangiano, a roof-top Italian restaurant, where Patti is singing back-up with a band.
It is a lovely place but the big logo of Che Guevera in a jaunty Italian fedora would have the dead rebel spinning in his grave.
I am nervous awaiting Patti.
Never before have I cold-called a stranger and arranged a meeting.
Too many variables.
The options for lame-ness are endless.
She could be stupid or bitchy.
She may be one of those chicks who chatter endlessly about nothing.
What if she is devoid of a sense of humour?
Where will we be then, huh?
Huh??
It occurs to me suddenly that I have never even seen a picture of her, so how the Hell am I going to recognise her?
My eyes dart wildly around the restaurant.
A girl has just walked in with a beachy blonde tangle of hair, looking a lot like Elizabeth Shue.
She moves slowly through the crowd, smiling and chatting.
I know somehow that this is Patti and I am up out of my seat and striding toward her.
She turns just as I reach her, smiles up at me, and says ‘You must be Sama-‘ before I envelope her in a hug that nearly knocks her over.
She is so clearly not a dud, and I am filled with relief.
We grab the nearest table, and slip easily into one another’s vibe until she takes the stage to sing with the rest of the band.
Mumsy, her friends and I are all up and dancing.
My sandals are kicked off.
The music is great.
Candy Kay grabs a tambourine from one of the musicians and bangs it against her hip.
At the end of the night, she and I are the last two left standing.
On the other side of the barbed wire fence running the length of the path to the beach is a jungle vacant lot and the concrete crumble of what was once a small two-story house, ruins now, with half the walls standing and a portion of the second floor sectioned off and roofed with the sun-faded greens and reds of an enormous old Mexican flag.
A man lives here.
I never see him, but Mum tells me of his roars and bellows which sometimes ring out in the night.
I stand on my side of the fence, in front of the manicured golf course, peering through, feeling the disparity.
Feeling fortunate.
Kristina and Yutaka drop me off at the Montreal airport and I sit now at the gate, alone and too early, watching the French sun rise.
I feel open and calm, a gal of the millennium with my laptop and Israeli flats, my swish coat of soft green folded demurely on my lap.
On my lips, the new Mac red, Runaway, and my fingernails, usually jagged and grubby, now filed and smooth.
I may be a grown-up.
Mum is there at the Zihuatanejo airport, brown, slim and smiling bigly.
As always my heart gives a great lurch at seeing her.
It is mid-evening and the air is full of steamy sea salt and fragrant fauna.
In the backseat of the cab, we sit close and gaze out at the little fishing town by night, and then we are through it and beyond to Ixtapa and our condo complex, Real de Palmas.
Gates.
Security guard.
On the other side the paths are set with stone and shell, and wind through the condos.
We are beyond the lovely round pool, through the palm trees, and I can hear the surf!
Our little hacienda is perfect, with two wide single beds, and a glorious view of sea and sky.
We chat, we sip cocktails, and wander bedward.
I can’t quite believe I am here.
My first Mexican morn dawns bright.
Mum, of course, has everything down to strict routine.
Her: We make tea now, and take it back to bed.
We then have some moments of silence, the only sounds being sipping and farting.
Me: Sounds like a pub: Ye Olde Sip and Fart.
I shall do my morning exercises now.
Her: Good Lord.
Me: I have a lot of energy in the morning, and also I’m excited!
Her: Yes.
Well, I am not accustomed to talking this much at this time of day.
It is a holiday in Mexico today so beach full of local families, air strafed with happy gabble of Spanish.
I see Mayan traces on features, and they smile shyly.
The sing song refrain of Buenos Dias is everywhere.
Mum and I stride miles along the beach, ankle deep in foamy surf, sand hard-packed.
Leggy sand-pipers dance in and out of the water.
We exchange morning greets with just about everyone.
Benevolence abounds.
Most of these people, after a life-time of work, are now enjoying retirement.
They have that happy certainty of well-deserved rest, and they sink into it utterly.
Soon I shall meet Mumsy’s posse of friends, Canadians, Yanks, Brits, known from home or met here years ago.
I will be spending the next two weeks with people in their 70’s and 80’s exclusively.
I picture lots of talk about grand-kids, perhaps some gentle knitting.
I caution myself for the umpteenth time, to curb my sailor on shore-leave mouth.
These are the Elders, and are deserving of respect.
It is dusk and we are invited for drinks at a near-by condo.
We approach from the grass and I get my first glimpse of Miss Madeline and Lady Kay, sisters in their mid to late 80’s.
They raise their drinks to us, and we join them on the terrace.
Madeline wears a bright yellow shirt with collar up, open over her swimsuit and gold jewellery round throat, wrists, even an anklet.
Her hair is short and stylish.
Kay clearly digs pink.
Bright pink.
Pink skirt.
Pink shirt.
Brightly striped pink flats and pink lipstick.
She is also be-decked in jewels.
Anita appears in the doorway and greets me with a voice like sand and whiskey.
She is small with lean, brown limbs and silver wings of hair swinging against her cheeks.
She exudes effortless cool.
Her friend, Jayme comes through another door that leads onto the terrace, exclaiming how pretty I look.
Her eyes are a huge, lovely blue.
I feel a bit nervous surrounded by all these strangers, but Mum catches my eye and smiles at me.
I wonder when the pictures of grand-kids are going to appear and try to look polite and attentive.
Jayme sidles up beside me.
Jayme: May I show you my tattoo?
Me: Uhh…ok  Jayme: (hiking up her skirt and baring a thigh)
Me: Umm..I don’t see a tattoo.
Jayme: Oh, it must be on the other side.
(hitching up the other side and showing me)  
Me: Err…nothing on this side either
Jayme: (leaning in close and speaking solemnly) I guess my pussy must have ate it.
Everyone laughs merrily, and before I can recover from the shock, Anita lets rip with the loudest fart I have ever heard.
More giggles and a repeat of the farting.
I cry out: “Are we barbarians?!” before I realize it is an electric whoopee cushion, with Mads, giggling, at the controls.
Reeling from this surprising development, I am aware of Lady Kay placing something on my lap.
It is a calendar and each page has different people on it, and a button at the bottom, which I am ordered to press.
A different fart sound for each month.
I am treated to the wet, prolonged fart of a group of firemen, the tinny squeak of a cluster of cheerleaders, and ten more variations on a theme.
I laugh weakly and reach for the tequila bottle, stereotypes dashed and splintered in shards around my feet.
I need a drink.
Cancun is getting ready for a huge event next week as Beach Soccer Worldwide comes to town.
I'm not usually much of a sports fan, but I am a fan of the beach party and this one looks hot! Cancun continues to bring more and more international events to the Mexican Caribbean, teams from Spain, the USA, Mexico and El Salvador will compete on the cool sands under the hot sun with fans cheering on these great athletes.
Mexico has a great squad and it's always exciting to root for the home team!
New Year's Eve, always a day filled with high expectations of big celebrations and the promise of a fresh start in a new year.
Everyone and every place has their own traditions and the rituals in Mexico offer up some unique fun!
The Foundations.
Choosing underwear colour is of prime importance.
Since the beginning of December the stores have been filled with displays of red and yellow "chones" (though why the bras are all "B" cup I will never understand).
Looking for passionate love?
Red is for you.
Looking for prosperity and success in money?
Yellow panties will help fill your wallet.
Clean start.
Begin the new year preparing your space for new things, clean your house from the inside out, sweeping the old out the front door.
Burn incense close to midnight as a cleansing ritual.
At the toll of midnight, open the door and symbolically sweep out the old and throw a bucket of water out the window.
Throw twelve coins and sweep them inside to bring money in the coming year.
(note, the cleaning part is my least favourite aspect of the Mexican new year traditions but I do like the pretty incense!)
Get outta town.
If you are looking to travel in the new year, take your suitcases out for a walk around the house or around the block.
The further you walk, the longer your trip will be.
For couch potatoes (or those who have had too much champagne to be trusted in the streets), simply place your suitcases in the middle of the room and walk around them a few times.
Demons be gone!
Fireworks (and gunfire) are said to frighten off evil spirits and demons.
Midnight brings the CRACK BANG and lit up skies of "cohetes" and "bombas" followed by the smell of the acrid smoke.
I'm feeling pretty confident that my neighbourhood will have a Demon-Free 2012, the fireworks have been going off nightly since the celebration of the Virgin of Guadalupe on December 12th.
A mouthful of wishes.
With a glass of champagne in your right hand, stand on your left foot and at each chime of the clock at midnight, eat a grape and make a wish.
When you are finished choking down the 12 grapes (I highly recommend seedless), drink the champagne and put your foot down, starting the year off "on the right foot".
(I have never managed to complete this feat without laughing so hard I spit half-chewed grapes all over my friends.
I think this year I'll stick to the more Canadian tradition of kissing the man I love.)
These are just a few of the quirky traditions you'll find in Mexico to celebrate the new year.
However you celebrate, I wish you all the best for 2012, may it be a year full of love, light, happiness and adventure!
It's "posada" time once again in Cancun!
In towns with a bit more history, this would mean embracing the traditional events of the season, children going door to door with "La Rama" singing for coins, neighbourhoods filled with processions of candle-bearing folks singing the "Pidiendo Posada" song and sharing ponche and hot chocolate, recreating Joseph and Mary's search for shelter.
This is my ninth Christmas spent in Mexico and I must be honest....I've never experienced the "traditional" posada!
It may exist, probably does, but "posada" seems to have a different meaning in modern Cancun.
In my experience, there are three kinds of Cancun posadas.
Any excuse is a good excuse for a fiesta, and Christmas is as good as any.
House parties flourish at this time of year, friends and family gathering together to eat, drink and be merry.
I've only been to one house party posada where the "Pidiendo Posada" song was sang and it was done after several bottles of tequila had been polished off.
People wear their best chanklas and sparkly blouses and of course there is FOOD.
Carne asada, tamales, or pizza and definitely a cake or flan.
Everyone will bring a little something to share, lots of beer and certainly good holiday vibes.
Every year schools around the city hold their annual Christmas posada.
Now, I didn't have any experience with kids back in Canada, but if memory serves from my own childhood, these are pretty much like normal Christmas concerts "north of border", but with a little Mexican flavour.
The kids dress up for their parts, angels and devils, shepherds or snowmen, singing Christmas carols and putting on the "pastorela".
The "pastorelas" put a humourous spin on the story of Joseph and Mary seeking shelter, full of "albur" (double sense) and "bombas" (traditional jokes from the Yucatan which are pretty "punny"), even when done by tiny kindergarten students.
Piñatas are broken, some child always ends up crying on stage and the sugar-loaded munchkins meet Santa and get small gifts.
This year Max's school put on quite a production, the school band played "Color Esperanza", there was a multilingual Christmas rap, break dancing, a "Cirque de Soleil" number with hula hoops and a presentation in English on "Christmas in Canada" (thanks Miss Sharon!) Max's first grade class did a fabulous salsa dance routine, not exactly what I think of for Christmas but it had all of us in the audience clapping and screaming as these six and seven year olds brought the "Azucar!" to the festivities.
The corporate posada is akin to the company Christmas party thrown by every company around the world.
Held in hotel ballrooms or restaurants, banquet food for hundreds, watered down drinks and a DJ that tries to please everyone and usually ends up pleasing no one.
We eat, we dance like fools and try not to get drunk in front of the boss.
Everyone sits patiently through the speeches, applauds politely, anticipating THE event of the night.
Nope, it's not a piñata at the grown up parties, it´s the raffle!
Every good corporate posada has giveaways and lots of them.
In past years I've won a television, coffee maker, camera, dishes, I almost always walk away with something from the fiestas.
This year I've got my eyes on an iPad (come on corporate Santa, bring it to me!)
While it seems like an obligation to go (and it is!), the payoff is in the prizes and the after party that inevitably happens with your closest co-workers, with many beers being drunk and a karaoke contest breaking out and everyone getting home as the sun comes up.
Looking back over the archives of my Cancun Christmas past, I recall one of my favourite company posadas which took place on a pirate cruise to Isla Mujeres (only in Cancun, right?)
Handsome pirates, pretty wenches, buffet dinner and open bar, can't be beat!
And then, this.....the traditional Christmas spanking by 50 women?
"You must come to a wedding with me in Valladolid".
"Is that an invitation?"
"No, it's a command, you ARE coming with me".
And so went the conversation a few months back with one of my dearest friends.
Her husband is from a small village in the Yucatan and his sister was getting married and apparently it was imperative that I attend.
Fun! Road trip with a bestie, explore the village of Chichimilá, a weekend in Valladolid and my first Mexican/Mayan wedding?
Of course I was in!
I had been to the colonial town of Valladolid once before for a quick visit, but I had not been to the nearby village of Chichimilá.
I was tickled to discover that the name Chichimilá means "ver pezón duro", yes, "look at the hard nipple".
(Really, you can't make this stuff up my friends).
We set off on the free road a few hours later than expected, driving into the setting sun.
It's a couple of hours to Valladolid from Cancun, driving through the jungle and passing villages that flash by in two seconds flat.
We stopped for some dinner on the way and had the worst tamales ever made, I have never had a tamal break a fork before and I'm pretty sure there was a feather in mine.
We arrived in Valladolid after dark and made our way to the hotel.
My travel buddies left me to go to the village to see their family and I explored the zocalo and soaked in the laid back vibe.
The square was lit up with pretty pink lights and the imposing cathedral was the backdrop for a beautiful night.
The next day was wedding day, up and at'em early, dressed up pretty and ready for romance.
In true Mexican style, everything ran late but ni modo, we were going with the flow.
The village of Chichimilá is about 5 kms from Valladolid and we made it there in record time with the brother of the bride behind the wheel.
I really had no idea what to expect from the wedding, but it turned out to be not much different than any other wedding I had been to.
It was a typical Catholic church wedding, sweet little flower girls, the priest repeating the words that have been said a million times.
Village people wandered in and out of the service, some guests were dressed to the nines, others were in jeans and chanklas, most of the women wearing the traditional huipiles.
Babies cried and old ladies fanned themselves in the heat and my non-religious self was glad to not get struck by lightning for being in a church.
The bride was beautiful, the groom was nervous and then they were tied together for life.
Literally, ropes were put round both their necks to join them (the somewhat cynical side of me snickered at the image of marriage being like a noose).
The rest of the day was spent celebrating at the reception.
The bride's mother made delicious food, a LOT of beer was drunk and we danced to cumbia music all night long.
The groomsmen carried the groom away and came back with all his clothes and the bride had to go and dress him again.
The bride threw the bouquet and I deftly ducked out of the way to avoid it.
There was a delicious lack of speeches and pomp, a few quick words (and I mean QUICK) from the bride's brother and bam, back to the party.
Late that night we had a few after party tacos in Valladolid then some serious z's after a long day.
The next day we went on the hunt for breakfast, not an easy task when the town is packed for a parade celebrating the revolution.
We had bad luck once again with food, slow service and nasty food from a hole in the wall across from the zocalo.
Bestie's husband was staying in the village and we were taking the express bus back to Cancun, at least that was the plan.
Of course, being on Mexican time (and the running theme of the weekend was "late"), the bus was missed and we found ourselves on the second class chicken bus all the way home.
All just part of the ride.
It was an exhausting weekend, lots of laughs, good food, horrid food and a taste of the laid back Yucatan life.
Soo, I think it's time we played a little catch up.
I've been pretty "blog blocked" lately, banging my head on the keyboard and virtually crumpling non-existent balls of paper and throwing them in the trash when I couldn't get the words to come out right.
I had lost my voice.
Have lost.
Had lost.
I guess we'll see if it comes back to me as I write this.
This last year has been so full of issues and dramas and changes, it's been tough to write about the daily goings on or adventures and NOT mention personal stuff.
It's all so tied together, my trip out of town alone without Max because it's Daddy's custody weekend.
My visit to Valladolid where I had fun but missed someone very much.
My phenomenal escape to Tulum with someone amazing.
There were a variety of reasons I wasn't sharing the personal, some valid, some I'll have to talk about with my shrink, but I guess I am ready to come out of the dark, find my voice and get on with my adventures.
Since separating from Max's Dad, life has moved forward.
Not many changes really, at least nothing major like a household move.
(Most of the changes are inside of me, good things, healthy things).
Max changed schools and that was an adjustment at first, but he seems to be settling in.
Max's Dad has moved in with someone else and her kids, but that really is a story that won't be shared here, his story, not mine (well, not really).
Max is growing and maturing and making me laugh, he has developed a sense of "cool" that I didn't think I would see until his teen years.
It's pretty  much impossible to buy him clothes or get him dressed in the morning, he insists that he must look "pop" (read: Justin Bieber oh dear god save me).
So now, here we go, deep breath.
Ooooh, finally, Canuck is going to spill the beans!
Some of you have sent messages saying you are "reading between the lines" and guessing about what is going on in my life or asking "What the heck is up?".
Well, here it is.....I'm involved with someone who makes me extremely happy.
A romantic somebody.
I'm walking on air, cartoon hearts are coming out of my eyes and I'm pretty sure if I hold still tiny songbirds will alight on my shoulders.
Gross, right?
Uh, yup, I'm THAT girl right now.
In love.
Enamorada.
All kissy faces and dreamy sighs.
At the moment it's a long distance love affair, burning up the Skype wires and Whatsapping all day, but we're hoping that is going to change soon.
I have visited him, he has visited me and he is coming back again in a couple of weeks to celebrate the new year with me.
And it all feels good.
Oh so good.
I'm singing "The Carpenters" for breakfast and the "Sound of Music" for lunch.
And the nights were made for Barry White.
Ok, that's out in the open.
Feels good.
I feel good.
James Brown good.
I knew that I would.
