So I managed to leave the house.
Several times!
Went for a few walks along the river and took mom to The Culinary Institute of Niagara Falls for a belated birthday lunch.
Mom had the ham wrap.
So much ham on it!
I had the chicken panini.
It had fig jam, boursin cheese, and arugula.
I now love fig jam.
I want a jar so I can put it on everything I eat.
Everything.
The gourmet resturant opens this week and then the wine boutique soon after.
The bakery is open and we did buy acoupleof the scones.
But I didn't get pics of those.
Guess I'll just have to go back and buy more :))
I highly recomend going in and checking it all out.
And that's all for now.
Halloween is coming up.
Hopefully I'll have lots of Uncs pics from that :)
And this should be the almost done batch.
The Lewiston Jazz Fest with Jess, Jeff and Margie.
Sadly when one drinks, heavily, only three turn out.
Alicia's Wedding, Despite the weather, it turned out very nice.
She was gorgeous and he was handsome.
And there was a candy bar and alcohol.
Awesome!
Mom and I went for a walk along the river.
Pepperoni!
Uno!
The new one-eyed little furry bit :)
I think that almost does it for now, from a picture happy barrel :)
These are from the Uncs Reunion party.
An amazing number of people.
A big fun night :)
And still more pictures to come!
I know.
I'm even behind for me.
(I am.
I am shaking my head at my own slackiness.)
Next round coming up!
I was going through everything and I realized I posted most of my pictures to FB, but not to here.
Eekkkkks!
That means there are a ton to post.
This first set is from Tonya's birthday night at Uncs :)
The second set was one weekend of fun: A dinner at friend Geraldine's.
Wonderful folks.
The whole family was fun and welcoming.
A great time:)
And so much food!
I'm feeling a bit uninspired lately.
Summer went by far to quickly and now it's getting cold again.
Though I am readying myself for Halloween, I'm still not fully feeling the fun.
And I feel as if I should do something more with this space.
What?
I have no idea.
I'm not a political person.
So none of that.
I'm not a sports person.
Go Bills and Sabres.
That's as sporty as I get.
I cook once in a while but don't eat out often.
So no foodie blog.
And really, how much dialysis talk can one person stand.
Needles, slept, crashed, home.
Oh the fun.
Next.
Even though my cats are adorable, they don't do much to entertain anyone more than myself.
Writing? Photography?
Art?
I'm not creative enough to keep that up.
Fashion? Celerity gossip.
Nah.
Memes? Are fun.
But, I have to wonder about how often one can realistically tell people what one's favorite color is without getting punched in the head.
I think 4. And I've already done that.
TV? I do like my TV.
But what?
Not reality.
Or gory stuff.
Or overdone drama.
Or stupid.
Also,I'm a spoiler.
Movies? Music?
I don't leave the house enough to be up-to-date on any of them.
Everything I get is from Netflix or the library.
I think I've given myself a bit of a headache at the mere thought of all this.
Later though I do have pics from August and September.
So there is that :)
You have been awarded the time off from work and an all-expenses paid week anywhere in the United States.
The catch is that it must be somewhere you have not been before.
Where do you choose to visit?
I’ve always wanted to see NYC and FLW’s Falling Water House.
Name three of your guilty pleasures.
Cartoons, Xanadu, Farmville
The best kind of Girl Scout Cookie is:
THIN MINTS!!
What do you value most in other people?
A good heart.
Be honest.
Do you sneak some raw cookie dough when you’re baking cookies?
I think I am one of four people that does not like cookie dough.
Really.
I think it’s disgusting.
My apologies to the cookie dough peeps.
Have you ever looked back at your life and realized that something you thought was a bad thing was actually a blessing in disguise?!
I think we all have.
What is the most beautiful place you’ve ever visited?
Ummm….Niagara Falls.
Are you more of a thinker or a feeler?
Think first, feel second.
Unless I’m drinking 
Name three things you are thankful for right now.
The quiet, loved ones, not dead yet.
Have you ever participated in a three-legged race?
No. My life feels like a three-legged race.
Is that not enough?
When you are at an event that plays the National Anthem, do you place your hand over your heart?
1. It’s summer.
And it’s hot.
And it’s humid.
It’s so much nicer than winter!
2. The OLYMPICS!
Soon! Oh yeah!
I’ve really disliked the way they have been only showing the popular sports lately.
Track and field, swimming, basketball.
But this year they are showing most of the events online!
That means all the synchronized swimming!
All the artistic gymnastics!
It means canoe slalom!
What is canoe slalom?
I have no idea!
But I get to see it!
If you have MSNBC or CNBC then Go to nbcolympics.com
and click the LIVE EXTRA banner, set it up and you are ready to go.
YAY!!
I believe you can watch on your IPhones and iPads as well.
You can also watch the Beijing Opening Ceremonies again.
Which are the most amazing opening ceremonies so far.
3. The woman upstairs started a flood in our bedroom.
Water.
Pouring down from the ceiling fan onto the bed.
Have to buy a new bed.
The water went all the way down to mom’s room.
Three floors of water.
Our ceiling and floor are still wet.
There was a small puddle this morning.
I think the ceiling was dripping during the night.
4. After all that fun mom and I went to the NACC Art Fest to de-stress.
We took the bus and a five minute trip took 45 minutes.
All I can say is bridge traffic.
Then when we get there it’s mostly flea market items.
No art.
Three weeks Bonnie.
Poor little Sam has been sick.
The vet did an x-ray that came back inconclusive, yet showed a suspicious shadow.
There is also talk of kidneys failing.
They gave him a long term steroid that will last about 6 weeks.
That should help him eat and be comfortable.
We’ll take it one day at a time.
There you have it.
A smorgasbord of tidbits from a summery barrel o’ fun.
What’s something in your possession whose color has obviously faded?
Sadly, I have a few pictures and posters that the sun has faded.
Which of your talents, skills, or abilities has faded as you’ve grown older?
I used to be able to walk far.
Now?
Not so much.
Though I suppose that could be fixed if I left the house more often.
Hmmmm.
Among people you know, who seems best able to fade into the background in a crowded room?
It’s probably me.
Most of my friends are loud, passionate, and energetic.
They do not fade.
What song seems to have a ridiculously long fade-out at the end?
Hands down.
Grand Funk Railroad’s Closer to Home.
That song is got to be 28 minutes long.
Just fraken get home and end already.
What recently prominent person seems to have faded quickly into oblivion?
Sandra Bullock.
Haven’t seen or heard about her in awhile.
Got on that TMZ.
I called you many times, you never returned my voice mails.
I can only assume you thought I was going to keep going on about Two.
That you had your fill.
You wouldn't have been home in time to do anything anyhow.
I never did care for the “business trip” part of your work.
The hospital called as I drank my coffee.
And, yes, I was thinking of him.
You see, it was always the both of us.
We did chores together, watched movies, made the dinners you and Travis ate.
I was the one who had to take him yesterday morning.
I was the one who saw the fear.
It was my heart breaking.
It was me who wept all the home to an empty house.
I tried so hard to think of yours and Pastor David's words.
So hard, I swear I did.
"They have no soul.
" you said.
"They were made by man, not our Lord, so they are merely things.
They may be flesh and bone, but they are made for a purpose and that is all.
We may become attached to these...creatures, but in the end you have to remember that they are parts.
Crafted for a specific reason."
the Pastor said.
" You can't keep doing this...this meltdown.
It's just a matter of time before it has to be done.
And it will be done."
you added.
I remember how strong and sure you looked.
I just tucked it all away.
Put away the misplaced sentiment and thought logically.
Travis was what mattered.
Travis was all that mattered.
But now?
There is no Travis.
There is just Two.
At the hospital I said goodbye to my little boy.
His heart never as strong as his sweetness.
He lay there in a bed so huge he looked even smaller than he really was.
So pale.
And cold.
His chest no longer raising and falling with his shallow breathes.
I kissed his head and petted his hair and told him he was loved and will be missed.
I knew he wasn't there anymore.
But it gave me comfort.
At the nurses station, the nurse handed me a slip of light blue paper with several numbers on it.
"You can pick up the unused parts on the fifth floor.
Here are numbers for disposal handlers.
People have been keeping them more and more, so there is a number for councilors and social workers to help you if you decide on that course of action."
she told me.
Her face showed the amount of disapproval at the idea.
I imagine you have the same look at this moment.
I remember taking the paper and saying thank you.
On the fifth floor I was directed to a playroom.
Two was the only one in there.
He was playing some game on a large screen.
When he saw me, he looked happy.
Then he looked at me.
I put out my hand and he came.
"Let's go home Two."
I said.
"Is Travis coming with us?" he asked.
"No.
It's just you and me."
And there is was.
So perfectly clear.
Just you and me.
I know in novels they say that all the time.
But when it happens, when all the fog and doubt have vanished and all that remains is a path free of clutter.
Then you know how real that statement is.
Once home I made all the arrangements.
The information is here on the table for you.
Calls have been made.
Notices have been placed.
I have said my goodbyes already.
Two and I are heading to my sister's in Pittsburgh.
They have schools there.
Laws to keep Two safe.
I won't be back.
I hope one day you will be able to join us.
To love Two as your own.
If you can't, you are not welcome to join us.
I am sorry.
This has to be more important than a big empty house.
Thank you for the wonderful life we had.
Thank you for Travis.
And thank you for Two.
I have loved you.
Love,
Elisabeth
She folded, tucked and placed the sealed envelope on the table.
The setting sunlight shined in the kitchen making it seem far to cheery.
It masked the fear and sadness that was everywhere.
"Hey, Two.
Come on in here."
she called.
A small flash came in from the family room.
A familiar shape with floppy bangs and a juice-box.
The two had been the same, but vastly different.
Like Travis, but not at all Travis.
"Everything packed?"
The little head nodded yes.
"All the things you want?
All your clothes?"
Another nod yes.
"Good.
There's just one more bit of business before we go.
" She sat down on the floor cross legged and took his hands.
"You need a proper name.
What would you like it to be?"
“Oatmeal!” he yelled and let out a full high laugh.
A happy silly laugh.
She chuckled with him.
“Any others?”
The dark eyes looked at her. Intent and serious.
The way only a six year-old can.
"Peter?
That's a very good name.
Why Peter?"
"Peter was the king of Narnia." he said.
"Yes.
Yes he was."
"Kings are for always."
"Yes.
They are."
She gave him a smile,
"For always."
It’s so warm this week.
And we are in for it again this weekend.
Tonya and I will be out to check out the new look of Unc’s Bar.
It looks a bit more spacious.
Also don’t forget about the Reunion Party on August 10th 
So that’s it for the moment.
You may go ahead and enjoy the Friday 5.
Among people you know, who has the most diverse range of talents or abilities?
I think I have to say my mom.
The woman knits, sews, writes, plays piano and can bake.
Besides its intended use, what are three things you’ve used a paperclip for?
1. Set a watch.
2. removed a stuck CD from the C D drive.
3. Unclogged a lotion bottle.
What item in your pantry is the most versatile?
Rice and pasta.
What implement related to your work seems to be the most useful in different ways?
My netbook.
In all sorts of ways.
What’s an item in your home that seems to have one (and only one!) use?
The TV.
And there you have it from a very toasty barrel  Enjoy the weekend all!
I hope everyone had a good holiday!
Mom and I watched the fireworks with our friend Ed, his family and his little dog too, Peanut :)
It threatened to rain most of the late evening, but we were safe.
And we enjoyed the show lots :)
There a ton more over on FB. 4th July 2012 Fireworks on FB.
And there it is :) Hope you enjoyed these and the ones yo were able to see in your own little barrels :)
It was on a bright, starry night that the traveling circus rolled into town.
The truck wheels giving a low roar in the still air.
The sound carrying into the open windows of sleeping families.
Rolo gazed at the houses as he drove up the streets.
He was aware of the difference between them.
The old, dusty, banged up truck he drove, compared to the clipped lawns and blue-sided houses with family friendly cars in the driveways.
He took a long drag on the hand rolled cigarette.
After a minute the smoke escaped in several short bursts.
He thought about the families rising in the morning.
In a few hours they would be laughing, pouring milk over bowls of Rice Krispies, sipping steaming cups of coffee.
The races to get ready for school, the paper, feeding the dog all danced in his head.
Images he had seen on the deletion since his youth.
The truck in front turned to the left and he followed along.
The metal poles and large canvas tents slide to the one side then settled back.
His wife grew up with that.
Public school, sleepovers, school plays, dance classes.
He never felt envious.
He was born and raised with the crew.
He traveled.
Schooled by the teachers of the tents.
He could do any job needed by the performers and management.
Tents, electrical, repairs.
He could even help the cook if necessary.
They had friends and family the country over.
One day he might have a son or daughter that would learn the skills that made The Greatest Show on Earth happen.
But tonight, for just a second.
A flash of...maybe.
He set the little butt in the ashtray and picked up the cup that rested in the holder.
With a little swish he took a swig of the cold coffee.
They had some money saved.
A little ranch style perhaps.
Lizzy could show him how to take care of the lawn.
They could sit on the porch and wave to the kids in the neighborhood.
Maybe have those block parties that they sometimes saw when in a town.
He chuckled to himself thinking of trick or treaters knocking on a door.
Or shoveling snow with a funny hat and mittens given at Christmas.
The truck in front stopped and he pulled up along side.
He would be missed, he knew that.
He would also be replaced.
There would always be someone.
It was hard work though.
But someone was always there ready to learn.
He drifted again.
Thoughts of a warm bed.
Sleeping at night instead of driving.
Sleeping in on a Saturday.
Watching the game on TV with neighbors.
Taking the pouch from his pocket, he concentrated as he spread the tobacco down the length of the thin paper.
After a long glance at the figure sleeping in the seat next to him, he rolled the window down.
The lit cigarette glowed in his hand as he watched Mike walking Walter around.
The little guy liked the cool air after being cooped up.
The baby elephant was still getting used to the travel.
He wasn't desensitized to it yet like the older ones.
His little trunk moved along the ground taking in the new smells.
"Are we running away to join the suburbs?" the figure spoke.
He looked over at Lizzy, then stared forward.
"Nah.
Not yet." he smiled.
Enzo hung his head.
He knew Anthony was lying still as death a few feet away.
The pale of his face all that was visible peeking out from a body covered in wool wrappings.
Only the eyes showed life as he kept his gaze on the movements of the man several yards away.
The Man.
He was a lion standing on an ice flow.
Strange, out of place, powerful.
The long overcoat moved in slight ripples with the breeze.
A dark hat hid the top portion of his face, a short stump of cigar hung loose from the left hand.
Smoke was curling, escaping into the space around him.
Tall and lean, the muscles in his back and shoulders tugged at the fabric when he moved from one place to another.
Shiny impractical shoes made crunching sounds that filled the air.
Enzo hoped the sound was louder than his heartbeat.
"You should come out Mr. Costantino.
It will be easier.
But if I have to come to you," he put the stubby cigar to his lips, " well, I think you're a smart enough fella to know what happens then."
Enzo's breathe left slowly, quietly as if leaving a lover never to be seen again.
Anthony's eyes were now closed.
No doubt wishing he was home, beside his wife instead of here, freezing in this mush.
The Man casually walked around, speaking to the air.
"Mr.
Costantino.
Now or later.
I have no other business.
You are my sole project.
"
He tilted his back to face the sky, the cigar between his emotionless lips, both hands warming in the deep pockets of the coat.
Easy fucking money.
That's all it was supposed to be.
And it was.
The first few jobs.
Show up on the island, meet the supplier, exchange the dough for the crates.
Nobody asked questions.
Row it back and Frankie Pi's guys took it from there.
An easy pocket of bills.
Didn't know it was Joey Jacks suppler.
Or supplies.
And by the looks of the man that followed them, Joey didn't much care either.
He should have left Anthony out of it.
But his cousin needed some quick dough for the family.
What was he going to say? No.
Your kid don't need those pills.
Let him tough it out.
That would have been their grandfather's answer.
Tough ass.
Course he was dead now.
He was never more right than when he said he would die before going to some quack doctor.
But Anthony.
He wasn't like that.
He was decent.
And he never should have brought him.
Enzo closed his eyes to think.
The sun was almost set and the lack of sunlight made it colder than it was.
His eyes teared with it.
There was no negotiating.
The man had one job.
Make sure Frankie knew that it was not okay.
But maybe he could keep Anthony safe.
He only let him come with him last minute.
Not even Frankie knew he would be here.
If they took the boat along the other side, went up river the long way, Anthony could get out without notice.
He'd have to go back to the dock and drive the car to the boat for the goods, but Frankie would have the stuff before morning.
It was possible.
The Man needed to be taken care of.
Once it was started there would be no going back.
Straight on to the end.
That would give him a day, maybe two, before a new guy was sent for him.
Hopefully The Man thought him gutless.
That would give him an edge.
But Anthony would be safe.
Leo owed him a favor.
Where did he settle?
One of the Carolinas?
He'd wire him first thing.
Tell him to offer up a job to Anthony.
A real good one.
One that would make no to hard to say.
A legit one.
Get them out of here without seeming suspicious.
Enzo turned to see Anthony staring at him.
It was settled without a next thought.
This was the third tidbit that needed taking care of in the last four months.
And this tidbit had to bring him to an island.
In January.
He should give him an extra bullet just for that.
The Man looked out over the river.
White caps topped the rapid waters.
Feeling a twinge at the back of his neck, he turned and took in the landscape.
Snow rested on most of the surface.
Large clumps of tall dead grass and groups of rocks poked out here and there.
The trees were bare, dry.
They reminded him of the old timers that came in the shop to place their bets.
The land itself rose in spots to form small hills.
They are in there.
Somewhere.
He detested this place and wished these boneheads would speed things up.
Though he couldn't realistically expect them to jump up and face the metal that waited.
No. First we have to dance the dance.
Lure them.
One at a time.
Pretend to have not seen the other one.
The extra.
He'd take him when he ran after the first fell.
They always try to run.
"You don't want people to think you were a lousy piker, do you Mr. Costantino?
Come out.
I'll tell them a real good story about taking it like a hero.
"
The sun was gone and the darkness would be widening the distance to the shore soon.
He watched the trees and grass, thin smoke circling around his squinting eyes.
Perhaps Sally's would be open when he got back.
A big plate of gravy, soft warm loaf of bread, a bit of veal.
A little drink when he hit shore wouldn't hurt either.
He was sure he had more than half in the flask left in the car.
He suddenly wished he'd brought it with him.
He could use a pull on that cold metal, the liquid icy and burning all the way down.
This son of a bitch better show himself soon.
****
The scratchy wool scarf keeping his neck warm felt too tight and straggling.
Anthony's mind was a jumble.
So much of everything filling each sense to over flowing.
It was becoming a white noise in his head.
No solid thought had room to form.
Only occasional shadows of Theresa and the baby being alone wavered in his mind.
They wanted to know what was going on in his head to do this.
He had no answer right now.
There was only the roar of his blood racing through veins narrowed by fear and panic.
He could only watch as The Man paced around on the ground just below them.
It was something outside of him.
Like a film he would see at the theater down the street.
Two dimensional people on a screen.
Nothing to do with him.
But there were no safe seats for this show.
The Man was becoming angry and started yelling.
"I was gonna take your body home!
Give it to your family!
But now I'm gonna leave ya here to fucking rot ya faccia di stronzo!"
Anthony looked to Enzo.
He could see his arm inside his coat.
A second later there was the dulled metal pistol that he always carried.
There was silence all around.
The roar was no longer in his ears and for an instant he thought his heart had stopped.
He could see Enzo reach down by his feet and pick up a small stone.
He whipped it to the far left of him.
It landed against a tree trunk making a loud clunk sound, then bounced down to where The Man was ranting.
The Man moved like a feline.
As if the film Anthony watched skipped a frame, one moment there was no gun, the next, it was there readied in front of him.
But there was another frame missed by his eye.
The Man was shooting wildly in front of him as he dropped to his knees.
The last shot flew towards the water as he fell to his side.
Anthony became conscious of the breathe he had been holding.
Instinctively he covered his mouth as small gulps of the air made it's way into his body.
His ears rang with an unfamiliar sound and he shook his head.
He kept watch on The Man.
It was a trick.
Of course it had to be.
Off to his side Enzo climbed down the rocks.
Splashes of snow and dirt flying away from where his feet landed.
His pistol leveled just in case.
His whole front soaked with snow.
The heavy coat flapping open showed mud along his side.
Anthony watched Enzo edge over to the body, pushing The Man on his back with his foot.
The Man didn't move.
He didn't jump up.
He didn't fire at the target just inches from him.
He simply made a small noise and lay where he rolled.
Enzo knelt down.
His knee in a dark red black mix of dirt and blood.
The Man's eyes flicked back and forth, confused and scared.
"You hit me.
You hit me.
You...you..." his voice trailed off.
"Yeah.
I hit you.
But you hit me too old timer."
He moved his coat aside to show the dark red stain looking like old mud.
The Man's pale lips smiled as his eyes went milk white.
"I'll pray for you and your family.
If there are any to pray for."
Enzo reached down and closed the warm thin lids.
Keeping an eye on the body, he stood buttoning his coat.
What random letter was generated by the online random-letter generator?
(this doesn’t really count as one of your five questions)
What food item, whose name begins with the letter in question #1, are you most likely to eat within the next few days?
Smoked Beef.
What item, whose name begins with the letter in question #1, are you most likely to purchase this weekend?
Shots.
What famous person, whose last name begins with the letter in question #1, makes you think thoughts you probably shouldn’t?
Alexander Skarsgard.
What is your favorite film whose title begins with the letter in question #1? Swamp-Thing.
What geographical location, whose name begins with the letter in question #1, are you most likely to see within the next few days?
Somewhere.
What were the events leading up to your most recent utterance of oops?
Shots.
Lots of shots.
What were the circumstances that led to your most recent utterance of aha!?
I was looking at what the cat had and found the necklace I hadn’t seen in a month.
AHA!
What most recently caused you to say ick? Shots.
Lots of shots.
What inspired your most recent utterance of yum? Oh my!
The steak burgers with Jack Daniels BBQ sauce and garlic-cheesy mashed potatoes!
So yum 
Where were you (and what was going on?) the last time you said ooooooooh?
I was looking up how to do a blog thing and…ooooooooh!
Everywhere I go for weeks now I am asked ”Are you going to go and watch Wallenda?”
Not that I don’t want to.
But, it’s at night.
There will be thousands of people.
I’m 4 foot and change.
All I would see would be backs and butts.
I can go to Walmart to see that.
I will watch on TV though.
I think anything happening that puts a good light on the city should be enjoyed.
Even if I am confused as to why he would do this at night and on a Friday.
The Falls are pretty dangerous during the day.
The mist and wind are there regardless of the weather.
Rain or shine.
Wind and mist.
So much so that when the news showed the helicopter carrying the wire it was hidden by the mist for several seconds.
At night?
It just seems like a bad idea.
Add all the spotlights.
I can only imagine it will be like seeing a picture of fog taken with the flash on.
A swirly wall of white.
Then to have it on a Friday?
Despite what some think, many folks here do have jobs.
And kids.
Who are still in school.
And everyone knows that after work and school and running around one really wants to fight traffic and a few thousand people.
Silly me.
I would have done it on a Saturday.
But.
It is when it is.
Before the big event mom, Ed and I will be sitting on the porch drinking some drinks:
watching all the crazy traffic going, I am guessing, slowly on by.
Then we’ll watch Wallenda make history on the TV.
Much like the moonwalk of ‘69.
For all those that are going to see it at the Falls: be careful, get there early, have fun, and if you see us wave hi as you sit in traffic.
Good Wallenda day to all from this porch sittin’, tea drinking barrel o’ joy!
I had such trouble accessing this site for the longest time.
Which is why I haven’t partaken in a long time.
Today I saw the link sitting there in my favorites and thought I should delete it, but first, maybe, just maybe, I should give it a try, see if it was still, well…troublesome.
Good thing I checked.
I clicked and there it opened.
Now I can once again entertain you with yet another meme.
You love it
What’s something you were unreasonably forbidden from doing when you were a kid?
Don’t paint the stairs.
Sheesh.
In what area of your life would you say you have especially conservative boundaries?
I’ve become quite the old lady.
I find myself constantly saying things like “That skirt needs a bit more fabric.”
“What’s with that Chris Brown fella?” and “Can’t you private that Facebook photo of you having sex with a giraffe?”
In what area of your life would you say you have especially permissive boundaries?
I don’t care who you date, if you are Coke or Pepsi person or if you find Adam Sandler funny.
In what area of your life do you routinely go over the line?
I’m being funny to NO. You.
Really.
Are.
Not.
How many keys do you have on your key ring? 3.
And there it is, a new Friday 5 to be enjoyed from an It’s Finally Warm Barrel.
Have a great weekend everyone!
What is your most annoying habit?
Oh so many.
Today I’ll choose…procrastination.
What habit would you change of your partners?
(come on no-one is perfect!) [Editor's note: Not only does it assume you have A partner, but it is written as though you have multiple ones.
If you do not currently have a partner or many partners, simply tell us about your last one.
BW] 
Uggg.
The loudness.
Horrors or Chick Flicks?
A bit of both.
What is the most outrageous thing you have done in the back row of the movies?
Don’t sit in the back.
If I’m at a movie I want to see the movie.
When have you lied to get a job?
I haven’t.
What one thing is on your list to do before you hit 30, 40, 50 or whatever significant birthday is next?
Writing, art projects, the usual.
Classic or modern films and why?
I adore both.
If you were a vampire who would be the first person you would bite?
Hmmm…depends.
Am I also turning them or simply putting them out of the universes’ misery?
Actually there are a few for both.
If you had the power to make one thing better, what would it be?
World wide?
Peace.
My own little corner?
Anything mom wants.
What makes a great blog?
Updating.
Something I’ve been lacking as of late.
What was the inspiration that brought your blog to the blogosphere?
I stumbled onto one blog, from there others.
Read for about a year and well then…Bob’s your Uncle as they say  
What easily ticks you off (puts you in a bad mood quickly)?
If I haven’t had coffee?
Someone just breathing can do it.
How many children do you have?
Three furry ones.
Is there anything you have ever regretted writing on your blog?
Not yet.
The week is still young though.
What’s your favorite blog post you have written this year so far?
None yet.
As I said lacking.
Bad me.
Do you ever enter other bloggers competitions, and have you ever been lucky?
Once in a blue moon.
Nope.
If you could be anyone else for the day, who would you choose and why?
Opus because I like dandelions.
If you could time travel to any period of history what era would you visit?
Midnight in Paris is one of my new favorites.
So I know I should say something about my own backyard time or some such thing.
And, even though I don’t drink at lunchtime, lunching at the Algonquin would be pretty spiffy.
“Pass the overly eager rolls please Mr. Benchley.”
If you had to be genetically modified, would you rather have a third arm, a third leg, a second head or some other modification???
Virtually indestructible metal adamantium and healing.
Duh.
Which Disney character can you most relate to?
Piglet.
Thank you for playing this week on Sunday Stealing!
Please leave a comment or link when you have posted.
Stop back and visit other player’s posts.
That is really what this is all about, making new friends!
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday!
I was over at Fragile Annie's earlier and I realized I haven’t done a Bugs Me Monday in ages!
Really.
Ages!
But when I try to think of what’s bugging me, it just seems like the same old stuff that bugged me a year ago.
It would appear that I am in a pre-spring limbo.
It’s not warm enough to go out and walk or anything.
If it is warm, the wind is blowing 50 mph gusts.
Or raining.
While eating some chips a chunk stabbed and wedged between the gum and tooth and now it’s been achy for three days.
I hope it’s mostly just bruised and not going to make me really sad.
After cleaning sugar and coffee and crumbs of various sorts off the kitchen table for the sixth time I’m thinking a one bedroom with one cat and no one else is sounding better and better.
I’m rather sick of cooking.
Of thinking about what to cook.
Of chopping.
Of…blah.
A friend that makes me sad.
Tooth sad.
Story ideas that don’t want to grow into anything that makes me happy.
Not sleeping well.
Actually.
Sleeping weird hours that are impractical.
Grrr.
I know.
Really.
I do.
I’m not a gambler by nature because I know my luck.
Not that I don’t think about the big WHAT IF?
Of course I do!
Pay off everything for everyone I know.
Nice place for me and mom where ever we want.
A wardrobe not made up of 80% Old Navy.
(Not that I don’t like them, I love them, it just would be nice to be able to afford something super Red Carpet nice.)
Be able to pay the gas bill off in full every month.
A super awesome vacation.
Italy!
Shoes!
An excellent tree house for the kitties.
A comfortable couch.
Of course charities.
The ASPC for one.
Razors for the men in Hollywood.
You know the essential ones.
COMIC-CON!
All just the usual,I guess.
But I know.
I know the truth.
This is the truth.
Ten things with better odds of happening before I win 500 million dollars.
1. Rick Santorum shows up on Anderson wearing a hot pink suit and says he will only spread the true message, the message of love and not hate.
Oh and everyone gets healthcare, because he does in fact care about life, even for women.
2. Adam Sandler makes a watchable movie.
3. I die.
Come back.
Die.
Come back.
Die.
Come back.
And when 500 million dollars is equal to $6.75, I will win.
(Actually, this is likely within my lifetime.)
4. The Muppets stop being fun.
5. Madonna speaks without a foreign accent.
Again.
6.
The cat doesn’t trip and try to kill me every time I go into the kitchen.
7. A chemical is found in Reese’s Peanut Butter cups that requires you to eat at least five a day to cure all diseases.
8. Vodka stops being fun.
9. Harvey Levin from TMZ says something that doesn’t offend anyone, anywhere.
Not even a tiny bit.
(I smile cause I love him)
10. Gary takes the garbage out without being asked.
Not even once.
As you can see there are a whole bunch of things I can look forward to before winning the lottery.
Especially tonight’s.
With that, this ‘has her three little tickets and wonders if she could buy Alec Baldwin if she won barrel’ wishes all who try good luck.
And if you win, very large donations are welcome 
