I love massages.
When I was younger, we had a yaya who gave awesome massages and during cheering season in school, I would come home battered from practice and she would massage me until I dozed off --- it was amazing.
My job as a dentist (constantly slouched towards the patient's mouth) and a writer (seated in front of the computer) does a number on my head, neck and back.
So always, towards the end of the week, I'd be fatigued and exhausted.
Most of the time, by Saturday, I'd almost have no energy left and I'd be yearning for my only true day of rest --- Sunday.
Almost so often, as well, I crave for a massage.
Still, even if know I need massages quite regularly, I don't ever spend for it because I know that if I do, I'd make a habit out of it and I'd literally have to go every week because I always have backaches, neckaches and all kinds of aches on a regular basis.
So I do go to spas for a massage, but not as often as I needed.
Anyway, a just a month ago, I tried Lasema Spa in Makati with my friends.
It's a different kind of spa; Lasema: Jjim jil bang is a Korean style sauna and spa designed for men and women --- and that I think everyone needs to experience it, and this is why...
After registering at the lobby, everyone will be given two towels, “uniform” Lasema shirt and shorts, then a key to locker where you can keep your things.
The package is good for 12 hours (with an hour massage) so you can do just enjoy, relax and pamper yourself.
The first part of the spa is the WET AREA and the women and men are segregated, for very obvious reasons.
Here are the lockers, you basically strip off all of your clothes (including undies) and then walk around naked like you’ve got the best body in the world.
At first it can be a little weird, but then you see everyone else naked around you, naked in all shapes and sizes, and you say: “What the heck!”.
In the WET AREA, you get to use the hot/cold showers (which I forgot to take photos of) and then you get to dip in the pool and then lounge in the “jacuzzi”.
The hot bath is quite unbearable in the beginning, so I couldn’t just jump in and welcome the heat.
I went toes first, then feet, then legs, then butt, then stomach, then whole body… it was a lengthy process.
As I was with my girlfriends, we just chatted away and enjoyed the heat.
After awhile, we rinsed for bit, and then applied hot oil on our hair.
Yes, we came very prepared.
We had hot oil, body oil and body scrub (I forgot to take pictures of that area where there are beds that you can use for body scrub applications).
I mean, if you’re going to maximize your stay in this place you have to come with right tools --- and we did.
We stayed in the steam bath for the hot oil and body oil, until we got so dehydrated that we had to pop out for a bit and get some water.
After our hair and body treatments, we showered and dried ourselves --- and here’s a photo of the girls in the locker room, all pink and pretty!
The “uniform” is for the DRY AREA/COMMON AREA.
At the DRY AREA there are DRY SAUNAS where you can hangout in (but I forgot to take photos of) and I probably stayed there for 30 minutes, lying on the stones on the floor, it was so fun.
I was reading my book and I could’ve stayed longer but we had a massage reservation and we were next in line so I had to leave.
There is also an ICE ROOM (see the photos above).
The place is so cold but it's a nice kind of cold, until you begin to tremble and you realize it's time to leave.
When our turn came, we were taken to our rooms and I had the best COMBINATION MASSAGE I ever had in my life.
The lady who was working on me applied just enough pressure on the right areas, so I enjoyed the massage.
It was just an hour, but it felt longer, perhaps because I enjoyed the whole thing.
In fact, I brought my iPad inside and tried to read but I turned it off about 5 minutes into the thing because there was no way I could read --- hell no!
The place is different and it is good enough to try, but you really have to make time if you want to truly enjoy
it.
The package is for P900+ but we only paid P500 for it because we got a deal for it.
For couples, it is not so much a good thing to do, unless you go there for the massage.
But if you are a pair and you are going for the whole SPA EXPERIENCE, you wouldn’t be able to enjoy since the men are segregated from the women.
It is best done by a group of GIRLS or GUYS, or you can go as GROUP of COUPLES so that that girls can go together and the guys can go on their own, as well, then you all meet up at the common area.
I've never been to a Halloween Party.
Some people make an effort and I am not the type.
Most of the time, I just couldn't be bothered and I just don't care --- so the last time that I really took the time was when I went "Trick or Treating" with friends when I was in high school (seriously).
While I've always been intrigued about the idea of dressing up and going all out, thinking about it already exhausts me.
Haha! Anyway, my dear friend's birthday was last October 31st and for the first time, she decided to throw a party and take the opportunity to make it a Halloween Party.
At first we all hated the idea and she received all kinds of complaints about it, but we all eventually found a way to get costumes --- and when I say eventually found a way, it was basically, being resourceful because we all just had no time and energy to actually commit to these things.
I, initially, wanted to come as Katniss Everdeen.
I was going to come in all black tights and shirt, a brown coat and brown pair of boots --- then have a bow and arrow to match it.
But I cancelled it out because every time I tell people who I was going to be, I have people telling me: "Who is Katniss?" so I'd constantly have to explain, "Hunger Games...” so I scrapped the idea altogether.
Thankfully, while I was having dinner with some friends this one time and I suddenly remembered that one of them is a volunteer firefighter so I joked about borrowing his gear and he actually said "yes".
He lent me the his pants, with the suspenders, and he lent me his boy’s plastic fire chief hat, so all I had to spend for was the plastic boots which I got for Php250 in the market (Thanks to Monique).
Before showing you my costume, here's a very funny detail about it.
My friend had the pants laundered a few days before the party, so they would be clean for me.
But there were two fires, two nights before the party, so they met some action before my friend’s birthday!
Some people were rather amazed with my costume and a guy even asked me where I got them from and I said: "They're actual fire pants and right now, if there's fire somewhere, my friend is lacking pants to protect him with his firefight/lifesaving duties".
Whenever I travel, one of the things I enjoy is the food.
I mean, you have to, or else what kind of a trip is that?
Anyway, when my family goes to Singapore (my dad loves Singapore so we've all been there more than once with him), you can bet we'd have chicken rice and mango sticky rice.
When I was in Malaysia, I fell in love with char kway teow and had several versions of beef rendang.
A few weeks ago, I met up with a good friend Selene for some brainstorming.
We're planning to start a small business together and we decided to talk about it over dinner.
She was, unfortunately, craving for Cereal Prawns so we had very limited dining choices.
She discovered that Nasi Lemak has it on their menu so we had our dinner there --- and it was a great one.
As usual, I arrived earlier and since I left my phone at home, I couldn't tell her that I had already arrived.
Luckily the manager/owner (?) of Nasi Lemak was nice enough to lend me his password so I was able to contact Selene via Twitter, while I enjoyed my appetizer of Roti Canai (with curry dip).
We enjoyed the meal thoroughly.
Selene loved her Cereal Prawns and I liked their Beef Rendang so much.
The meat was tender and the flavor was divine...
I can't say much about the Hainanese Chicken because that's always good, anyway.
Once upon a time, a year or so ago, there was Nasi Lemak in Tomas Morato and I’ve always wanted to try the place but never did.
Now that branch has closed and has been replaced, too bad, because if I knew they served good food --- I would have eaten there lots of times.
By the way, watch out for the launch of our mini business, okay?
It’s gonna come out real soon.
I am 31 and so are all my friends.
We've been friends for more than 10 years and some longer than that.
We all met in St Paul Pasig when were in high school, and we were freshies.
In high school, we were a riot.
We loved violating rules, making fools of ourselves, singing silly songs, running around the corridor, stealing pens from people's bags, going back to the iced tea lady to get 13 free refills, wearing our skirts over our head and shouting "freedom", eating spaghetti with our hands, dancing adulyadej and so much more.
We were so much younger then.
After awhile we all went to college, graduated and built our own lives.
We have all gone so far from where we all begun.
Some are mothers, wives, some getting married --- some building bigger things for themselves.
On our own, we all have our own dilemmas and our own realities to deal with.
We have all grown up and we have responsibilities to face.
No longer reckless teenagers, running around doing everything we liked.
On our own, we are grown ups and we act, we talk, we look and we seem like we've grown.
When together, we're still a bunch of high school students.
When together, even for just a few hours, we forget we're professionals, mothers and wives.
When we're together we remember how we were in high school and we act crazy and shameless (that's an exaggeration).
That is what I love with my friends.
The people who do not really know me, should meet my friends, to know who I really am.
In the clinic I am a dentist --- people have to respect and trust me enough to allow me to do things in their mouths.
In front of my patients I have to behave a certain way because it is expected of me and it is expected of a woman, in my profession and in my age, to do so.
I love my friends because when we're together I am offered a chance to just be who I am, without rules.
They know me inside out --- and yet, they love to pieces and I love them.
They say your friends in high school will be your friends forever and they are right.
Because I can imagine myself with these girls in 10, 20, 50 more years.
Maybe we wouldn't be dancing like this at that age, not because we don't want to, but we because we can't --- but I'm sure we'll still all be so awesome together, wrinkly and old (except for Selene) but awesome, nonetheless!
Growing up to a military father and living in a military camp was different.
The whole place was gated with armed men and there were curfews.
Our fathers were strict and we always had other people at home --- drivers, soldiers --- most of them had guns.
It wasn't weird  for me to see guns, while Growing up.
My dad had all kinds of guns, big and small --- so they weren't exactly scary things to me.
Guns fire bullets and they can hurt people, but early on you get to learn the difference between friendly sounds of cannons and guns from the sound of firearms during an attack.
Part of most all our lives was learning how to shoot.
Once we're strong enough to handle the recoil we're taught to carry a gun and taught to shoot.
My first time to fire a gun was awesome.
It was heavy and I was scared, but I fired it just as I was told and I hit the target.
That summer, my dad made me compete in a shootfest against other dependents (under the ladies category) and I won.
I competed another time and won second (damn that lady).
I could have competed some more if we didn't leave for London, so the only guns I've fired since then were guns for Time Crisis and Medal of Honor.
Hahahahaha!
That I can still fire a gun, I'm certain I can.
But that I can fire a gun at someone --- that's another thing altogether.
I'm a lover, not a fighter --- I make peace, not war!
As I've said before and will continue to say, God will fight my battles for me.
But just in case, you want to know --- I can.
I've gained some weight in the last few months.
The problem with me, though, is that before I gain weight anywhere else it first goes to my cheeks.
Same is true when I lose weight, all the extra weight gets sucked out of my cheeks, first, before anywhere else.
Anyway, I've decided to workout my cheeks with some TRX.
Hahaha.
Since I couldn't exactly control the eating (because me and food, we're good together), I finally gave in to my friends' invitation to try TRX with them and it was fun.
The experience is different and hardcore, that my body was screaming pain the next day.
The workout is designed for your entire body and I was sweating like a pig 10 minutes into the first set, it was amazing.
I was actually having doubts about my arms' strength but I was okay, I think, for a first try and I am definitely coming back for more.
I still really need a lot of practice and I have to develop my endurance; after all, I’ve been away from the gym for about a year (tsk tsk).
I went to Kinematics TRX at Centro Atletico and the session is priced at 400 per hour or 3500 for 10 sessions (good for 3 months).
One class can accommodate about 8 people and you can book a private session for you and your friends if the group is big enough, so it's quite fun because you can fool around and not worry about anyone else.
The instructors/owners are Jon and Stephen Paulino and I don't know with you but if your instructors are as handsome as these guys, you will really come back for seconds --- Haha!
In other words, it is a healthy way to get firm, thin and toned muscles --- and that is what we like, right?
You see, I am not much of a fitness buff.
I do "feel" the need to exercise and I am not so conscious about what I should and should not eat.
Sometimes, though, you get to realize that you are not getting any younger and that you have to start taking care of your body more --- so I go through various health tips online or I ask people who know better than me.
You, what do you do to keep fit?
I love massages.
When I was younger, we had a yaya who gave awesome massages and during cheering season in school, I would come home battered from practice and she would massage me until I dozed off --- it was amazing.
My job as a dentist (constantly slouched towards the patient's mouth) and a writer (seated in front of the computer) does a number on my head, neck and back.
So always, towards the end of the week, I'd be fatigued and exhausted.
Most of the time, by Saturday, I'd almost have no energy left and I'd be yearning for my only true day of rest --- Sunday.
Almost so often, as well, I crave for a massage.
Still, even if know I need massages quite regularly, I don't ever spend for it because I know that if I do, I'd make a habit out of it and I'd literally have to go every week because I always have backaches, neckaches and all kinds of aches on a regular basis.
So I do go to spas for a massage, but not as often as I needed.
Anyway, a just a month ago, I tried Lasema Spa in Makati with my friends.
It's a different kind of spa; Lasema: Jjim jil bang is a Korean style sauna and spa designed for men and women --- and that I think everyone needs to experience it, and this is why...
After registering at the lobby, everyone will be given two towels, “uniform” Lasema shirt and shorts, then a key to locker where you can keep your things.
The package is good for 12 hours (with an hour massage) so you can do just enjoy, relax and pamper yourself.
The first part of the spa is the WET AREA and the women and men are segregated, for very obvious reasons.
Here are the lockers, you basically strip off all of your clothes (including undies) and then walk around naked like you’ve got the best body in the world.
At first it can be a little weird, but then you see everyone else naked around you, naked in all shapes and sizes, and you say: “What the heck!”.
In the WET AREA, you get to use the hot/cold showers (which I forgot to take photos of) and then you get to dip in the pool and then lounge in the “jacuzzi”.
The hot bath is quite unbearable in the beginning, so I couldn’t just jump in and welcome the heat.
I went toes first, then feet, then legs, then butt, then stomach, then whole body… it was a lengthy process.
As I was with my girlfriends, we just chatted away and enjoyed the heat.
After awhile, we rinsed for bit, and then applied hot oil on our hair.
Yes, we came very prepared.
We had hot oil, body oil and body scrub (I forgot to take pictures of that area where there are beds that you can use for body scrub applications).
I mean, if you’re going to maximize your stay in this place you have to come with right tools --- and we did.
We stayed in the steam bath for the hot oil and body oil, until we got so dehydrated that we had to pop out for a bit and get some water.
After our hair and body treatments, we showered and dried ourselves --- and here’s a photo of the girls in the locker room, all pink and pretty!
The “uniform” is for the DRY AREA/COMMON AREA.
At the DRY AREA there are DRY SAUNAS where you can hangout in (but I forgot to take photos of) and I probably stayed there for 30 minutes, lying on the stones on the floor, it was so fun.
I was reading my book and I could’ve stayed longer but we had a massage reservation and we were next in line so I had to leave.
There is also an ICE ROOM (see the photos above).
The place is so cold but it's a nice kind of cold, until you begin to tremble and you realize it's time to leave.
While I was reading my book with another friend, the other girls stayed in the COMMON AREA where there are small cubbies or capsules where you can sleep.
Remember you are allowed to stay here for 12 hours, so you can actually try to get some sleep if you want to.
None of us slept but we had tea and coffee, instead while waiting for our turn at the massage area.
When our turn came, we were taken to our rooms and I had the best COMBINATION MASSAGE I ever had in my life.
The lady who was working on me applied just enough pressure on the right areas, so I enjoyed the massage.
It was just an hour, but it felt longer, perhaps because I enjoyed the whole thing.
In fact, I brought my iPad inside and tried to read but I turned it off about 5 minutes into the thing because there was no way I could read --- hell no!
When you're a student or barely out of college and not yet earning your own money, it is your job to know where to find affordable meals.
I remember being in school and trying to fit my P100 allowance for meals and patients (no wonder all I could afford was a foot long) it was a challenge, but I always made it.
Anyway, speaking of affordable, my sisters took us to Mr. Kimbob: Healthfood, where you can taste cheap Korean food, after church a few Sundays ago.
Hahaha!
I realized that if we had this in CEU when I was in school, I could just barely afford it because I only had P100 per day.
I guess my sisters get more now, since everything’s more expensive.
But anyway, my mom did not try the Bibimbap because she said it looked weird.
Well, I couldn’t blame her.
When she asked my sister what it is, my sister said: “It’s basically leftover stuff and then you have to mix it altogether like kanin baboy”.
What a way to sell a dish to a person like my mom! I’d say that’s ENDORSEMENT-FAIL!
Do not compare the food to a real Korean Restaurant, because it’s far from it.
But, for Php99, it stuffs you well and it taste pretty good!
I recently broke my iPad.
Well, it didn't exactly break it because I wouldn't do that, even if I had a lot of money, but I got into an accident and it broke into millions of pieces.
This is the infamous case and my new iPad, inside it.
All is good, now, and back to normal but one should always draw something from circumstances.
For instance, the lesson in this story is this: There's always a bright side to things, you just have to look at it from a different perspective.
I may have broken my iPad but God was good enough to replace it --- so the broken pieces do not matter anymore.
Also, people should remember this rule: "If you break it, consider it sold!"
Hahaha!
There are a few artists that I truly love and John Mayer is one of them.
The truth is that I do not listen to a specific genre of songs.
I can listen to anything --- just probably not heavy metal --- but the type of music you will find on my personal playlist will have John Mayer type songs.
I like songs that have good lyrics and you can never go wrong with John (naks close!)
Actually, much of the music I play in the clinic are from John Mayer (as well as Jason Mraz, Jack Johnson, etc) and I always have patients who tell me: "Doc, I love your music here.
We actually have the same playlist."
and then one time this patient even asked me to stop because he loved the song so much and after the procedure he walked out of the clinic saying: "You are, now, my John Mayer dentist!" --- I don't exactly know how significant that is, I mean does he have another dentist, a Rihanna dentist or a Taylor Swift dentist?
Haha!
I cried listening to this song.
Well written songs can do that to me.
It is easy for me to fall in love with a song that is able to touch my heart and speak my mind.
This song spoke to me in many ways --- in some parts I felt it being sung to me and other lines felt as though it was speaking for me.
My life is not exactly perfect.
I have made a million mistakes in my 31 years and I have become who I am today because of what I've been through.
I do not regret anything about my life, despite it; it is not like me to hate life and blame others for my misfortune.
Anyway, my life isn't completely horrid.
I always say, I may have failed in this but that is just one aspect of my life --- there is so much more to living, you know, God did not waste a breath on me to just focus on a tiny detail of my existence.
Some stories in my life give me reason to smile and some will make people cry, but I wouldn't be called the "drama queen" if my life was simple --- that would've made me a liar.
What is true is that I have made many mistakes in my life.
Those mistakes have caused me much pain, but you see, it is not always important how low you go or how high you come.
Often, what matters is how you choose to deal with what comes to you.
One day you will look back at what you have gone through and then ask yourself: "Does that make you proud?"
I have hurt myself greatly because of the mistakes I've made, but I know that I never did anything to deliberately hurt people.
It is not my place to do that --- a higher power will work on that.
So in the end, if someone asks me: "Does that make you proud?"
Well, not exactly, because I could have done things differently, but that I got to where I am now without hurting people --- is what helps me sleep at night.
"Shadows days" come and go --- and when John Mayer wrote this song, he may have written it for me.
Because I've have just said goodbye to a potential lifetime of "shadow days" and now I am relieved, renewed and free.
I don't remember what my first book was, but I remember my mom teaching me to read with the famous "Run Bantay Run" book.
A few years after that, I must have been introduced to leisurely reading because I began to collect books and read.
I remember my mom coming home with a new book after work, sometimes.
I remember her taking us to National Bookstore and allowing us to pick one book to take home.
I remember borrowing books from friends and lending them my own books, to swap.
I remember going to the library in school to borrow books or the library near our house in London, to check out the newest additions.
When I was in College, I kinda stopped reading.
There were too many academic books to read that leisurely reading proved to be a waste of time, so I had to set the leisure books aside.
I had more important things to learn from my thick school books --- but I remember reading the Harry Potter Series (that’s it!)
After College, I realized I missed reading books and I realized that I had let a lot of good books pass me by.
My sister has a magnificent literature collection that she's accumulated for years, from our trips abroad and so forth --- so I usually just browse through her mini library for the next read.
Sometimes I'd hate her books and call her weird.
Sometimes I'd love it and we'll discuss it when we're both unable to sleep at night.
My sister had no problem spending on books.
The problem with the stingy me, though, is that I could not spend for books.
I used to spend for books worth a few thousands for school (thick colorful ones) but I was never one to buy books.
Maybe because it was always my sister who did buy and she could --- so I was content with borrowing.
I first discovered the beauty of eBooks when I read Twilight.
My friend told me to read it, I didn't want to buy so I told my sister to find me a copy.
That week, I realized just how amazing eBooks were.
It wasn't only free, but within minutes I got a complete copy of The Twilight Saga.
It was conveniently amazing --- because I didn't have to go to the bookstore, and it did not cost me a thing.
For a while I would read books on my Asus notebook.
It was small so I could use it easily, but it wasn't exactly portable so I began to dream about getting myself a kindle or a tablet.
A Kindle is cheaper so I wanted one for the longest time, but when I was deciding on what to get, I realized: "If you get an iPad, you get to enjoy reading and then get to enjoy all features of a iPad too" --- so I did get an iPad, and now I am so happy about it.
Now, I probably have more books than my sister does and I didn't spend a single centavo on them.
I read one book after another, and I jump from this series to the next.
I've marathon-read, which was one of the reasons why I have been out of the blogging world for some time awhile back, and truly my iPad was the greatest gift I've ever given myself.
Yeah, it doesn't have the nice book smell --- and you can never run your fingers through your collection on a shelf.
But for me, it's okay.
I get to read all the books I want to read --- and it's just perfect for the stingy me!
I saw Yabu for the first time when I did my grocery shopping at the newly opened Robinson’s Magnolia.
I saw it --- thought it looked good and said that I wanted to try it sometime.
A week after that, I finally did (in Megamall, though).
A friend had told me that it’s a challenge to get seated at Yabu in Robinson's Magnolia but we didn’t have a hard time getting a table at Mega Mall for lunch, so I don’t know how true that is.
Filipinos love Katsudon.
Truthfully, katsudon is not exactly special but when you’ve eaten a lot of katsudon in your life, you will understand why people like Yabu and why it is a "craze".
It is perfectly tender inside and crispy on the outside --- and as we are a “rice eating” race, the unlimited rice give it some added appeal.
Still, it is nothing special, but you go to places like these because it is the dining experience that makes it worth the Php500 meal, per person.
The place is clean and posh, the lighting is subdued, but despite that --- it is homey enough for you to enjoy a lovely meal with friends.
Every table is supplied with a selection of spices and dressing; and the waiters are attentive enough to let you enjoy the unlimited helping of rice and cabbage.
There are ala carte dishes that I didn’t try, but as I've mention --- all the “set” meals come with unlimited rice, miso soup, unlimited cabbage that you can dress with either sesame dressing or vinaigrette and a bowl of fruits.
It is a full meal which you can add egg to, if you want, and although I did not finish my rice I got generous helpings of the cabbage.
I had the Chicken Katsu Curry because I am in love with curry anything it was a good choice.
The crispiness of the katsudon is perfect when it gets soaked with the curry sauce.
You can have it it normal, mild and hot --- and for some flavor and kick, I opted for mild and it was just perfectly spicy (and thinking about it now, the "hot" version may be too spicy for me already so that was a good call).
As I’ve mentioned, I did not finish the rice and probably ate 1/4 of what was initially served on my plate, but I enjoyed the cabbage --- so what does that mean, I’ll go back and try Yabu again for the cabbage and sesame dressing?
Hahaha!
Someone told me that the Fish Katsu Meal is amazing and so I will definitely come back for that.
I have always been a fan of cream dory and I’m sure their fish katsu is perfectly tender inside and crispy outside.
Okay, okay, I will surely come back for the cabbage, too.
But for now, I’ll have to make do with my manually shredded cabbage from the grocery --- just kidding!
Those who read this blog and follow me on Twitter know who Monique is.
She is my dental assistant and all-around helper in the clinic.
She started working here in 2010 after we realized that we're done being dentists, dental assistants, dental receptionists and so forth.
We thought it was time to for us to grow up and be bosses and we hired Monique --- and she was brilliant and we've become quite dependent on her, too much, I think.
Anyway, Monique's been with us for more than 2 years now and while it is mostly good, I've noticed a decline in her performance for quite some time.
I've contemplated getting a replacement, but I know it's not going to be easy.
It all began a few months ago... and everyone thought I'd lost Monique already.
I blasted it over Twitter and BBM --- even ran to my mommy for help.
It was her birthday and I gave her the day off --- but after her leave she did not turn up and when I called her, someone else answered: "Tulog pa po sya, kasi lasing" (She's still asleep and hung over from last night).
It was 1pm and I had a patient coming in an hour so I was furious.
I didn't even bother to send her a message --- I was that furious.
In my mind I thought, I'd deal with her tomorrow!
The next day, at 11am, she had not arrived for work yet (she usually does at 9am) --- I messaged her (a final word) and thanked her for her service.
By afternoon, I received a message from her, telling me that she will be returning to work the next day.
You could imagine how furious I was.
I had a whole list of things to say but I didn't want to burst so I let my emotions simmer down before I faced her and I remember giving her just snippets of what I really wanted to say, and just gave her a proper talk the next day.
With all honesty, I was afraid that I had lost her --- and the thought of having to train and trust someone new was a pain.
But sometimes I wish that it's just that easy because it is difficult to have to constantly correct, reprimand and scold someone.
I am just lucky in a way because Monique is a good girl --- and I guess she's lucky with me because even if I give a scolding now, I'd be laughing with her in a few hours.
The one thing I love about her, apart from her trustworthiness, is the fact that she does not roll her eyes, react nor show disapproval and resentment after a scolding.
When she's wrong, she looks down and she keeps quiet.
She knows to give you space and she'll be out of your hair --- and at times she would exert some effort to do more than what's expected of her, to show how sorry she is.
How can you stay mad, then, right?
So basically, it is my choice to put up with the inefficiencies.
To settle with the lesser evil even if sometimes she can be quite frustrating.
Well, you have to embrace the good and take your focus away from the bad, I suppose.
So even if she has the tendency to defy some orders that we give, we'll have to breathe a little to release the tension.
So even if she sometimes makes decisions that are out of hand, I'd have to look the other way.
Anyway, she can be amusing, at times --- if that's enough reason.
Haha!
I have always wanted to watch an Ateneo – La Salle UAAP basketball game live.
My sisters and I (with my dad, usually) would always watch it on television and when they finally became Ateneans and Lasallians they started to watch it live, with their friends.
I’d always ask my sisters to bring me to the games, but my sister would always tell me: “You’re a waste of good ticket!”
--- my sisters are bad.
In fact, there was this one time that I scored two free tickets from my Lasallian Korean student and instead of selfishly claiming them for myself, I gave them to my little sisters who weren’t able to get tickets for that game.
I’m such a lovely sister.
I would take pictures of them pre-game and drive them to Araneta --- then pick them up again, such a slave.
Anyway, I finally got the chance to watch the game live last Saturday (29 Sept 2012) and it was an amazing game.
It was all last minute --- I was doing my dentist thing when my bestie asked me if I wanted to watch with them and I said: “If I finish on time, I’ll just take a cab to Araneta”.
Anyway, my last patient finished at 3:45 pm and I left the clinic right away.
I got to Araneta in time for the 2nd quarter and Ateneo was still in the lead.
Maybe I was bad luck for ATENEO --- because things suddenly turned after that, but luckily things changed and Ateneo won amazingly!
Oh yeah, I have always cheered for Ateneo.
We have always cheered for Ateneo and if my youngest sister did not end up going to La Salle, she wouldn't pretend to cheer for La Salle (Hahaha!)
I have always wanted to be an Atenean.
If they had pre-dent in Ateneo I would do two years in Ateneo just for the heck of it --- but we all know that isn't possible so: "In your dreams Crix!"
When I first came home from London and was waiting for the second semester so I could start in CEU, I would join my friends when they go to school and they would let me sit-in, it was so fun.
So anyway, I did not dress-up in a royal blue shirt because I felt I didn’t have the right to, but I wore a denim top instead.
At first I was just clapping with the crowd and cheering “Get that ball” along with everyone else, but when the game started to heat up I morphed into an true fan.
In my mind: "Bahala na si Batman, you're an Atenean today!"
I was screaming at the players’ missed shots, jumping at Ravena’s amazing three-pointer and I couldn’t breathe because I was too nervous.
People would always tell me about how fun ATENEO-LASALLE games are but you really have to experience it for yourself to understand.
It was a different experience.
The drums --- the drums would really make you jump and dance.
The fans were very entertaining too, but I shouldn’t quote the things I heard on the Ateneo side because the La Salle people might not like it --- but trust me that they were brilliant and funny!
The half-time show was fun, especially the drumline bit --- and when Ateneo finally won, the daddy beside me shook my hand and said: “Congratulations!”
It was really fun until it became awkward --- when the alma mater started playing and I didn’t know what to do --- hahaha!
So I just stood there and watched the screen.
It should be nice to have something to be proud of like that, I’m sure.
I mean, don’t tell our dean but I hate CEU (I am not kidding!)
I was so glad to have finished school when I did and all the time I was there, I couldn’t wait to leave.
I am not a bad person but those who went to my school will perhaps agree with me --- haha!
If it weren't for my dream of becoming a dentist, I would have gone someplace else.
Oh well, I hope Ateneo wins against UST in the finals.
I’m sure they will (Oh, easy lang mga USTE ha, just joking!)
Me and food --- we get along.
I grew up to a family who loves to eat Awhile back I purchased some deals from CashCashPinoy to try this new buffet place at Fort.
It was a great deal and I wasn't going to let things just pass.
Anyway, it's much like Yaki Mix or Sambo Kojin.
It's a mix of Japanese, Korean and Chinese --- and there's a variety of both cooked and raw food, so there's a smokeless grill at every table.
Personally I like it when you have to cook your food because it makes things a little more interesting.
Anyway, here ae some photos... of the place and of the food selection.
Personally, I enjoyed Roboto San because the service was good.
The pretty girl who was serving us was very nice and even though the dessert selection isn't as generous as that of Yaki Mix, the unlimited drink is good addition.
I should schedule another trip here, one of these days...
I don't know what's with me and mongo guissado, but we just do not go well together.
I've told you about that first time I tried it and how I botched it completely and then recently, I failed again.
I usually soak the beans overnight or at least a few hours to soften them.
The problem, though, was when I was about to start cooking them, I realized that I ran out of gas for cooking so I had no choice but to wait.
Anyway, when the "gas" finally arrived, I proceeded to cook and realized that the mongo was not exactly mongo beans anymore but bean sprouts already.
It was no longer just beans it was ready to become a different thing, altogether.
I still proceeded to cook it and hoped for things to get better --- but they didn't.
Towards the end, I had to run to face the truth: "The mongo is ruined, it won't soften anymore".
At first I didn't know what to do but then had the most brilliant idea of running the beans in the food processor, and  it worked!
It ended up a little mushy and it looked like vomit, but it still tasted awesome so it was alright.
I salvaged the mongo and I think, I won't be cooking mongo guisado anytime soon.
So I've told you about our trip to Hong Kong and I've mentioned that we did a lot of walking and shopping.
The shopping part of the trip wasn't exactly planned.
In fact, we all said that we will not be shopping at all (I said, I'll get a new bottle of perfume, that's it --- but I came home without the perfume).
Anyway, I realized it's impossible to go to Hong Kong and not shop, that's just a silly plan and as I was with my girlfriends, we spent a lot of our walking --- to be able to do some shopping.
Hahaha!
Walking all over Nathan Road, walking to Canton Road, walking to Granville Road, walking all over Causeway Bay, walking all over Mongkok --- to much walking, indeed!
Here's everything that I brought home from the trip.
I have some dresses, skirts, tops and accessories for myself, my sisters and Bon's sisters.
Some things for Bon and some Macau delicacies for the parentals.
I actually feel quite pleased with myself because I was able to control my expenses.
You should have seen my shopping bag at H&M; by the time I reached the checkout counter it had already trimmed down to "essentials and must-buys".
The same is true with Cotton On and all the other shops we visited next.
I made sure to review what was in my shopping bag because I did not want to go overboard...
Ikea was another very tempting place to visit.
The best thing about it is that we have a baggage limit to consider, so it was easy for me to look away.
It's good, also, that I have some bed linens on the way from the US (courtesy of a good friend) because I was able to look away from the sheets.
An ironing board.
Bon and I have been wanting to get a proper one but with a small place you don't really have much choice.
We couldn't buy one because it would only eat up too much space, so Bon does the ironing on our dinning table.
Thanks to IKEA we now have a very practical and portable ironing board.
Despite the size of this thing, I got it because it was only 50HKD or 450PHP.
It was my first time in an IKEA store and I had such a great time.
I suddenly realized how great it would be to have one here because their items are affordable and so perfect for the average Filipino --- like me!
I do not mind having an IKEA house --- an Ikea bed with Ikea sheets and Ikea pillows: an Ikea couch, Ikea lamps, and Ikea tables: an Ikea kitchen with Ikea cabinets and Ikea plates.
I'll have a funky IKEA home where everything is just so cheap and beautiful!
A few years ago, I joined two of my friends on a 9-day vacay in Malaysia.
Since then, we have always wished to do it again --- perhaps with more of of our other friends but it never happened (especially since my travel buddies have left the country already.
One is in  New York and the other is in Dubai).
Early this year, however, my friends and I decided to finally set a "part two" and I started planning for a Hong Kong-Macau trip with two different girls from the same group.
Planning the itinerary was fun.
I'd been to HK twice and once to Macau so I already knew where to go and what to do.
Equipped with my map, my MTR ticket, lots of money (haha!) and a big appetite for adventure --- I took my friends around Hong Kong and Macau and...
We ate a lot of street food (noodles, dimsum, etc).
We ate whatever we saw and we tried whatever was worth trying.
Well, if you're in a different place you should be open to try things --- even if the food looks weird.
Our very first meal was noodles with tofu, intestines and chicken feet and then I introduced Selene to the egg cupcakes that she loved dearly, we had to get some everyday.
For dinner that same day we had roasted goose that was super yummy and sinful!
The next day, we had awesome dimsum lunch at a quint restaurant in Causeway Bay and then dinner of noodles and curry at Mongkok.
On our final touring day we had a Burmese lunch at Macau and then we closed the night trying out the greasy street food on sticks.
We weren't exactly loaded, but made it a point to scour the right places.
Canton Road, Granville Road, Mongkok, Nathan Road and Causeway Bay.
I was on a budget so I was a bit controlled.
I did some shopping at H & M, Cotton On and Ikea.
Some for me and some for family.
Actually, the plan was that we weren't going to shop at all.
We left Manila saying: "Oh, we're not going to shop".
but who were we kidding?
You cannot go to Hong Kong and not shop, that is just impossible!
Oh when girls come together, you expect for the camera to be quite busy and we took loads of photos while walking around the streets of HK, while sweating at Ocean Park, while admiring the beauty of Macau and even while waiting for the bus or the train.
My camera died the week before our trip so I didn't take any photos (except the few that I took with my iPad) but Ina is a brilliant photographer, hence our lovely photographs.
I still cannot get over how beautiful our photos are.
I told Ina that her photos made the trip even more special and it's true.
No one can beat the walking we did during the 3 days that we were touring in HK and Macau.
We would wake up at 8am and retire at our hotel at 12midnight, so that means that we were walking for 16 hours everyday.
We took the bus, the train, we traveled like the locals --- so walked we did.
In fact, every night we came home with sore feet and when we landed back home, my body was already screaming for the bed.
I collapsed in bed after quick shower, as soon as I got home and I booked a 2-hour massage the next day with the nearby spa.
I wasn't made for too much walking... Hahaha!
Still, I wouldn't trade that experience because that trip was definitely awesome.
Hopefully we could do it again next year, and hopefully more people could join?
I heard it's going to be Bangkok next!
Til next year!
A few months ago (this is obviously an overdue post, that I had kept lying around here during my idle days --- sorry) I read an article from Chuvaness about this socialite who's supposedly duped some of her friends into investing millions of pesos in various businesses (designer bags, art pieces, real estate and so forth) and as they were her friends, they were quick to agree and they ended up victims.
Allegedly, in an effort to keep up with their wealthy friends and to continuously fund their lavish desires and lifestyle, she had tricked people into investing and she pocketed the money and used it to  buy designer clothes from head to foot.
As a woman, her expenses (of course) had to include designer bags.
I mean a bag is meant to carry your personal items --- it should not put you in debt and it should never cause you to hurt your friends.
That people have to commit a crime to be able to hold a Birkin, is insane.
It's just a freakin' bag and although I have, on occasion, fantasized over these bags as well, they are not as important to me compared to others.
I mean, why would I exactly spend over P50,000 on a bag or even more ridiculous something around P150,000?
Yes, it is beautiful, in fact I want to have a Chanel bag one day, but until I have to save, pay installment, loan and suffer for one, it will not be on my shopping list.
I have this thing: I will only own a bag this expensive if the worth of the bag is nothing to me.
If P150,000 is nothing to me, then by all means, I'd get me a bag that expensive.
Otherwise, I would happy with a reasonably priced hand accessory.
You see, there are other more important things that I can buy for P50,000 and so much more with a sum of P150,000.
I can look around my clinic and name a few machines that I would buy first, before a bag --- because that bag won't make me a better dentist  (it will in fact, make a whole lot poorer), but a new dental equipment will be a real investment.
I'm sorry.
I know that some women see bags as "treasures" and hopefully, one day, I will too.
Do not mistake me --- when I saw the Louis Vuitton Denim Bag for the first time, I wanted it; and when I saw the pink Burberry in Takashimaya in Singapore, I thought that it was such a lovely bag, but that does not mean that I will push everything aside, just so I could get my hands on them.
Since it makes other people happy, I am fine with it --- go ahead and shop all your want, but if you have to steal money just to keep up and maintain a facade --- then to hell with designer bags!
As I've said, I do not have anything against people who own designer bags especially if they can really afford it... but I pity those who try hard because I think they feel that they have to, and that is where everything just goes wrong because no one is forced to conform.
No one is forcing you to keep up and compete, so if you cannot afford it, then you can just settle for a Nine West, Coach, Fino or Kate Spade.
If you cannot afford even that, then go ahead and get yourself a Secosana!
It's just a bag for pete's sake, why commit a crime for it?
So I've got a new fave makeup item (This is a lie.
Crickette talking, yet again, about makeup).
Anyway.
A few months ago my sister-in-law came home from the US and one of the things she got me was a Sephora lipstick.
I remember her messaging me before, asking me what color lippy I wanted and I said a pink matte lipstick and she brought me that (as well as a nice eye shadow palette).
Anyway, when I tried it I was amazed.
It was not only matte it was creamy and no matter how long you had it on, it wouldn't crack.
It stains well and if you do not want it too thick, you can choose to dab your lips with a dry tissue and just enjoy the stain.
I am totally in love with it.
So in love that I asked my good friend in the US to buy me two more shades (and my other girlfriends got their own too, after I showed them how good it was).
Right now, I have three shades.
I've got The Red (what we call puta red), Mr Lover (a kind of fuschia pink color) and Jealous (which is a pale orangey-pink color).
I must get something nude but maybe next time.
I am absolutely addicted to it.
(Ha! Me addicted to lipstick!
Preposterous!)
Sorry I can't show you how it actually looks on me.
I'm still not a beauty blogger --- I just tell stories, not really the type to show close up photos of my lips.
Hahaha!
I learned to drink quite late compared to most of my friends.
It's funny too because just recently one of my high school friends asked me: "Crix how come you never came with us to the soirees" and I said: "I was never allowed!", to which she answered: "Oh me too, but I still went" and then I laughed: "I was pretty lame and too scared in high school.
I only got the strength and motivation to lie and sneak out in college" ---- see mom, I told you I was a good girl compared to most people I know!
Anyway, I learned to drink in College.
Not just learned, my first ever drink of beer was in college.
The only alcohol I had prior to that was the ocassional glass of wine at home during dinner parties but beer and all other alcoholic drinks did not come until later.
I remember the first few months after I got back from London, I was out with my friends at Gilligans Bar and Grill along Katipunan and I ordered an iced tea.
A few more nights like that came with me still sipping on iced tea and then I told my friend Roman: "I want to learn how to drink".
That same week, he came to my house with a case of San Miguel Pale Pilsen (yeah, heavy stuff).
Unfortunately, nothing happened that night.
I took one sip of the beer and almost puked, so Mabeth (my bestfriend) and I, loaded on chips instead.
The following week, Roman bought a few bottles of flavored lambanog (so colorful, looked like juice).
That was successful.
I drank a few glasses of lambanog and I don't know how much longer it took, but I suddenly was able to transition to San Mig Light, after some time.
My drinking buddies were guys, so I was trained to drink with guys, and even if I was a late bloomer I think I caught up well with the others.
In my peak, I am able to drink about 10 bottles of beer (but that would be like a whole stretch of night from 9pm to 6am).
My threshold then was 6 bottles of strong ice, 10 bottles of light beer.
I say threshold because if I go beyond it, I black out.
That means I go about looking like I'm having fun and I'm okay, but I'll wake up the next morning without recollection of anything.
Obviously my peak was during the time that I was sneaking out of the house.
Things are much different now.
Nowadays, I don't exactly crave night outs anymore.
I could stretch to the wee hours but I would rather be home early.
I could still down a number of bottles or glasses or shots, but only if I really want to --- and there's no patient scheduled the next day.
Drinking is not exactly my priority anymore... Going out is not exactly the highlight of my life.
Some would think differently and that's okay --- to each his own.
I peaked at the right time because now I have no hung ups and no regrets.
When I grow older and become a mother someday, I will tell my children, yeah your mom did some wild partying back in the days --- and you will too.
I'll make sure they get to enjoy their life as I did, well enough for them to be geared and ready for "real" life.
For one, I think peaking at the right time is important --- pacing your life well is the most important thing because it helps to give you a healthy living experience.
Where you get to 30 and you're running around like you're 20 and pretending you have no responsibilities.
Reason number 1 will have to be the fact that I am quite uninspired lately.
It doesn't mean that I can't think of anything to write or that I can't write anymore, because I actually have a number of drafts lying around in my blogs that are waiting to be written and published, but I couldn't get myself to do it so the idea part is not the problem...
I can't exactly say that I am incapable of writing anymore because I've been writing everyday (for work, though) and I seem to have no problem there.
I guess what I am trying to say is that, I've lost the zest to care about this blog and for some reason, I just don't feel like it, anymore.
Reason number 2 will be the fact that I've been quite busy.
I've been busy with the goings on in my personal life and my professional life, that of course this blog seems unimportant.
Often, I'd see my bookmark for it on my Google Chrome and it's there --- waiting for me to log in, and instead of doing so, I proceed to do something else that I feel is most important.
Reason number 3 will have to be my current addiction to read and read.
Well, I read a lot.
I mean, I always have a book that I'm reading, but I usually take my time and finish a few chapters in bed, before I sleep.
I mean, unless there's a really good book that I have to finish, I would always choose blogging over obsessing on a book --- but not recently.
For some reason, I've become like this marathon reader or chain reader (whatever you call this kind of obsession or addiction).
I choose a book (preferably a series) and read it one after the other.
When I finish, I jump to a new set of books and that's been my ritual for quite some time now.
At the end of the day, I would bring out my iPad and spend all my free time reading --- I used to devote that to blogging, and merely assign "lights off to dozing off" as the only time to read.
Right now, I'm briefly typing this post on my celphone (and will of course transfer it to my blog), taking a break from the series that I am reading.
It is 3am --- I need to be asleep, but I'm currently reading The Kane Chronicles by Rick Riordan (author of Percy Jackson) so I cannot sleep.
Thanks to my good friend, Francis, I've gotten a hold of some good Riordan ebooks to obsess on, and after these, I intend to read "Mortal Instruments" next.
Anyway, I cannot promise to be back for good, as I may have completely lost my spirit to write, but hopefully, I'm just exaggerating.
I miss you all!
