Oh shall we just not talk about it?
How I ran away and needed some space and hid behind good books and watched such good TV drama and become intrigued with Breaking Bad and The Wire and continued my obsession with Mad Men?
And about how, after watching said shows, like a real TV nerd I read intellectual reviews the next morning and compared notes with strangers.
And about how I felt the loss of creativity but walked and walked and listened to This American Life and BBC podcasts instead?
Yes, I dropped out but I was still here all the time, ticking away, trying to stay informed and connected and well read and smart and capable despite being all the way over here in the Desert Sandy Isle.
And it’s true I hid from people too, and hardly had anyone over and lost some confidence but also lost some weight and danced instead of writing.
I was teaching some, but getting a bit cross with it all.
I had to think about resisting or relinquishing.
And I was being a good Mom all round, driving and dropping and buying and signing notes and handing over piles of money and clapping and supporting and editing essays and projects and helping with the arduous task of writing revision notes.
And maybe I didn’t bake a birthday cake but I drove some distance, twice, to buy one from the very best bakery in all of Bahrain.
So yes, there was a birthday, or two, since I have been gone.
And a trip to London to visit the Great Shiny West.
But it is time to come out of the lovely safe warm hole, where the sunlight hits the page just so and the herbal tea is warm and one or both of the girls joins me in a soft cuddle no matter how old and big they are becoming.
It is time to tell the truth.
I am going to be blogging somewhere else for a time, as someone anonymous.
There is so much that I want to say but can’t, things about work, amazing stories about the kids I teach, funny anecdotes about living here, thoughts on Bahrain.
And being public has been holding me back.
So I am retreating into a safe and quiet place to write with complete freedom.
I might check back and visit 3limes now and again.
3limes will always be a part of me and I cannot let it go, not when it has been by my side for so long and through so much.
I still don’t know what my voice is or what it will be and if I can be as sharp and astute as I want, or as honest as I dare.
But I will try.
And in the meantime, where ever you are, with snow in your mitten, sunshine in your mug or sand in your tea cup, I wish you well and I thank you for being here for the journey.
Do you know that I have been writing 3limes an average of two times a week for close to four years?
(This is post # 425.)
And in that time I have written about the rain, the desert, Carnival, liming, zebras, lions in trees, car crashes, teaching teens, raising my girls as reluctant expats, the longing feeling for home, the getting used to the new, the craving for shiny shops and culture, the scary driving, the Canadian Lakes, the roads of London.
I have taken many photos, sometimes inserted a book review or poem we are studying in class.
I have told stories and hopefully amused and given some picture of what this crazy expat life is all about.
But there is a lot I have not said.
I have not shared the tears, the heartbreak, and the true aftermath of all the goodbyes.
I have not always told you everything about the schools where I teach, I couldn’t.
Early on I made the decision that this blog would not reveal the personal, and I would not show photos of my family or tell you too much about them, outside of the anecdotal.
I have held back, time and time again.
There is an information overload out there; blogs, Tumblr, Facebook, Pinterest, Stumble On, newspapers, Arts&Letters Daily, photography…the list goes on, the words tumble and crowd and fill me up ‘till I can’t hear the quiet anymore.
And I have not been quite sure where I fit into the noise.
This is not a place for cute pics of my kids or the meal I made last night.
This is not the place to fill you in with details of my weight loss, marriage, sex life or tearful rages.
This is not the place to write about the days when I am too sad to write.
So it is a place for stories, observations, a place to mark my days and remember what it was like.
To try and find the pretty and keep moving.
And recently I haven’t been very good at doing that, because I haven’t, honestly been doing a lot of seeing and doing.
I work.
I work hard, hello IB?
I deal with lazy students, incompetence, entitlement and bad manners.
But I also teach open minded, wise, brilliant students, mainly girls, mind you, that open my eyes more than I open theirs.
Teaching in this school has taught me more about the Arab and Muslim world than I could ever imagine and it has spun my ideas in circles many times.
But I cannot write about these students, or this school.
It isn’t fair and it isn’t right.
I go home and I take care of my lovely girls who work hard and discover and learn and sometimes get sad and homesick but mainly are good and fine and happy.
I cook for them, I wash their clothes, and I shop, help with homework and drive them all over the place.
I do the Mom thing, the best way I know how.
And sometimes I fear it isn’t good enough.
Don’t we all?
I take care of my husband and love him up the best way I can.
We love and laugh and read and watch movies and sometimes we look at each other and wonder how the hell we ended up here, in this life, living in this country.
Sometimes I am in a time warp, driving in Bahrain and suddenly, in a flash I am simultaneously driving down a red dirt road in Kampala with the sun glinting off the rain splattered giant leaves.
And there is that woman with the bananas on her head, and there are those children laughing and carrying water as the sun begins to dip.
Or I am driving the girls to school in Montreal and the snow has turned to slush and we are listening to our favourite morning show.
Or I am thinking about my day in this school in Bahrain and suddenly in a flash my worlds are colliding and I am back in a class room in Port of Spain, bare feet on blue carpet, hum of the air-conditioner, sun pressing against the window panes.
And then quick flash, I am back in Montreal in a classroom of 32 girls, chalk on black skirt, wooden desks smoothed by the hands and pens of time.
I am talking to a new friend here and then bang!
I am in the garden of my dear A, back in her lushness in Kampala and we are sipping Espresso and watching our kids jump on the trampoline.
Or bang!
I am sitting on the wooden floor boards of my Montreal house with my best girl friends and the kids are tiny, barely toddlers.
Too many worlds have happened too fast.
I am shell shocked.
Shall I tell you all this?
Shall I tell you about my new exercise regime?
My careful monitoring of everything I eat so that it is I who controls my body and what goes in it?
My fantastic Latin Dance Class?
My battles with teenagers, the constant negotiation and mapping of life with a teenage daughter, the sad, too sad week in school last week when I watched my dear students deal with a grief they are too young to comprehend?
Shall I write about the friends I miss and wish I could see again?
Shall I tell you about my worries about the Summer, when I will go “home” to Montreal, to a place that is no longer home, where I have no home and hop from friend to friend in the hope that please can I not offend or disappoint anyone this year?
Can I please NOT piss anyone off?
No. I cannot tell you everything that is in my mind, this is not that kind of blog.
And I cannot tell you what I do every day because it is, quite frankly, boring.
And who wants to hear what I am making for dinner?
Or what I taught today?
Who wants to see the photo of Princess in her cute new skirt or hear about how much sand we swept up from the front steps yesterday?
There are plenty of blogs like that, this is not that blog.
So where does that leave little 3limes?
Faltering on her balance beam, not entirely sure which way to fall.
I have been quiet, shedding layers of time and memory and feeling rather retrospective.
Memory is on my mind.
Perhaps it is because we are touching the cusp of a big 20 year anniversary: 20 years ago this week Handsome and I started our journey together in Egypt.
It started in Dahab, took a long bus journey to Cairo followed by an 18 hour train trip to Aswan and then onto a Feluca ( sail boat ride on the Nile.)
Many planes, trains, automobiles, donkeys, snow sleds, jeeps and rickshaws later and here we are in a funny circle: back to the Arabian Sands.
I was 22 and had no idea where my life would take me but we shared a love of adventure and we both embraced the new.
If we were to write a bucket list back then it would have included a lot of travel, children, exciting jobs ( his an intrepid journalist and mine a writer and a drama therapist) a sejour in Italy, a parachute or two and some rather romantic notions.
Well things often work out differently once life throws you a hoop or two and 20 years later we have done many things not even dreamed up on a bucket list and made a few new lists too.
I once had the good fortune to teach a highly talented girl, hungry for life and on the brink of many a success.
She writes a lovely blog and recently wrote her bucket list.
These are the dreams of a 19 year old girl, a young lady of fortune, talent and opportunity.
Reading this list I was transported back in time to my own eyes-wide-open -with-wonder moments and I remember when I was 19 I longed for a magic crystal ball to tell me what my future would be and if it would all be okay.
In the end it all turns out…as it does, whether we tick off our list or make new ones.
The winds have been wild; sandstorms blew sand from furthest Arabia into every corner, crevice, nook and cranny.
We are sweeping sand and dust away and with it the cold wintery air.
I heard from a wise man that the winds signal change and that a new season is around the corner.
I got a bit down, doldrum like.
Bahrain was feeling small, dusty, dry and too quiet.
I was dreaming of my perfect Sunday; a walk in a frosty park over leaves that used to crunch and past skeleton trees mourning their leaves; of a warm coffee shop with muffled chatter and a book shop with tables piled high, the smell of invited hope and paper.
I was dreaming of a friend and a hot pot of tea.
A week of time stretches before me and it winks at me with space and possibility.
I am strange, alone in my house rather than at my desk, with peace and quiet rather than a classroom that twitters with teens.
It tastes bitter sweet to have this time; like a dipped toe in a another’s life.
I wish to spend it with friends who pop round for coffees and catch up but they are an ocean away.
So as always, to shake off the cobwebs I went out to find the pretty.
Yes the grass is always greener, isn’t it?
I know that the walk in the London park would be too cold, the friends would be busy, the books too expensive, the gallery closed.
Princess told me, with all her wisdom, that we need to be happy with what we have.
Thanks to The Prophet’s Birthday we all had a bonus Sunday off so we headed off to see something different.
Here then are my weekend moments.
My blood has settled itself into a warm and comfortable position; these years of living in the tropics have soothed my cold and chilly scars from many frigid Canadian winters.
In Winnipeg I lived through an interminable winter season that broke records for the number of days below -20, where cars had to be plugged in nightly so they would crank to life again the next morning.
I survived the mornings in Montreal where the car had to be dug out of piles of snow before I could drive my little girls to school and I lived through that day when I burst into tears while stuck in the ice on a hill and had to listen to angry and impatient honking from drivers who preferred to berate me than get out and push.
In short, winter was often a trauma and I pulled through.
My best winter memories are those weekends spent in the country where the silence is only broken by a branch cracking and falling with a soft thud onto a bed of white driven snow.
Where the beauty of an afternoon’s walk is followed by a scrabble game in front of a roaring fire while icy socks hang to dry.
But now I am freezing cold and it is no joke.
For the past two days it has been 8.0 degrees Celsius when I got into my car and that is colder than London right now.
Now normally I would shrug this off and know that it is nothing compared to a mid February night in Winnipeg but the difference is that our homes are all stone cold marble floors, glass floor to ceiling windows that know not the meaning of insulation and no central heating in sight.
We are wrapped in blankets and layers of sweaters.
The wind rushes cold sand through our bones and my blood, so lovingly warmed by the tropics, is in rebellion.
The weekend was a happy one, before the cold winds came.
I shrugged off my hermit ways and actually went out for two nights in a row.
Night one, a sort of pub crawl that finished in a karaoke bar with a lime green and peach colour palette, fake potted palms and a random furry fringe on the sofa cushions.
There was much laughing.
Night two, a more restrained and adult affair saw us seated around a table in a Tex Mex restaurant making new friends.
The night ended outside in the garden of a bar, wrapped in fleece blankets with our faces turned to the heating lamps, like night time sunflowers.
The cold was stepping in.
And Saturday was spent celebrating Princess who turned 12.
She was born under the bluest skies of a Montreal Winter’s day, -24 winds welcomed her into this world.
When I took my little bundle home, wrapped up so tight I feared she couldn’t breathe, I never dreamed that 12 years later I would be serving her a mountain of Profiteroles, in lieu of cake, in Bahrain.
Now I am going to find another blanket.
Remember this when I write about the summer heat.
Remember.
Well it has been a long time, my friend, too long in fact.
I am not fond of going too long without access to some fine oil on canvas, but I live in the desert so what can you do?
If you are heading to London and want to look inside an art museum I suggest you go to the National Gallery for starters.
You will see all the great classics and get an ace view of Trafalgar Square from the balcony.
Then pop next door to the National Portrait Gallery for some real treats; look for photography, oil, sculptures and even neon portraits of people both famous and unknown.
If you go to the Tate Modern (and I think you must) then try and take a taxi on the Thames for a change.
You get a great view and it’s much nicer than the stuffy Tube.
Now this is a good one.
Those of you who have been hanging around 3limes for some time know that I am a reluctant camper and yet did more than my fair share of camping in Uganda.
If you are looking to escape camp I suggest you find a lovely hotel nearby.
Failing that you can simulate an escape with my no fail easy camping tips:
Take a Duvet, not a sleeping bag.
Take a comfortable rolled mattress and not a thin rubber mat.
Take your own feather pillow
Employ your children to put up the tent while you sip wine
Take a cooler full of wine
And Champagne
Make tasty sun downer treats beforehand.
Sushi works well.
Plan a meal that is easy and fun to make.
No one wants to cook for hours when camping.
Take a head lamp so that you can use your hands in the dark and still see.
Always pee before you sleep and stop drinking two hours before bed so that you don’t need to creep behind the tent and risk scary night creatures in the middle of the night
Take a Pashmina
Go with an open mind
Only camp for one night and then head to your nearest luxury hotel for soft beds and a warm shower.
It is worth it, really.
And by the way…I am yet to try it but I hear that Desert Camping in Bahrain is quite the thing.
Apparently they have large canvas tents, air-conditioning, servant’s quarters and 42 “ Plasma TVs! Now what kind of camping is that, I ask?
People I do not make this stuff up.
Now I have two girls too, but certainly not for my birthday.
If that is the sort of birthday present you are after, you have come to the wrong place Sir! ( And Happy Birthday and good luck to you.)
Lovely image!
Not sure I really understand how you arrived here in the blog of sunny climes, however.
You see it has been 5 years since I last saw snow.
That is a long time, according to my daughters way too long.
They fear they may have forgotten how to ski.
I must admit, I had a pang for snow the other night, the soft white fluffy variety that one could ski on and admire shimmering like crystal under a lone lamp post.
Not the brown, thick variety that gets stuck in the car tires.
That is called Snow Poo and is great fun to kick off with a solid snow boot.
Anyway, I can imagine your twinkling home, nestled in the heavy snow laden forest; the wooden family name touched ever so slightly with a dusty cover of snow, telling your friends and neighbours they have arrived.
Happy Winter to you from the Sandy Desert Isle.
Again, what have I done to call you forth to my humble blog?
Why do you think I would know such a thing?
I am going to presume that you are putting an injured goat out of its misery, a sad, limping goat who has been hit by a renegade Boda Boda driver.
No more.
Welcome!
It is lovely to have you visit, albeit briefly as I am sure that you have long disappeared after your fruitless search for the white power on prunes.
It does so happen that I have an idea of what you are searching for.
A long long time ago, back when I was a wee child living in Hong Long, ( era: 1974-1979) I used to eat these sour yet sweet, chewy, dusty prunes, topped with some white power, presumably sugar.
I can still remember the taste and have been searching for them ever since.
I have no idea what they are called but I can still taste the sweet and sour chewy delight when I remember them.
Another sensual memory from those early Hong Kong days is the tiny green plant, like ground cover or  grass, that would close quickly but gently when touched with a small finger.
I was charmed by them as a child and file them with the sweet and sour prunes in my memory cupboard of childhood thoughts.
I did find them again in Trinidad.
We had them in our garden and I was thrilled to sit on the ground and play with those tiny plants that grew shy and closed with my touch.
Of course Handsome thought I was quite mad when he turned around and found me on my knees touching the grass.
I am an English teacher and a reader.
These two facts do not always go hand in hand.
Often I am forced to sit and read the very thing I have no desire to delve into, and learn about people and places of which I have little interest.
So in my “free reading “time, when I can read whatever I choose I am very picky.
Last year I think I only read 5 books outside of my teaching.
At the moment for my work reading I have been lucky as I am reading texts that are either quite wonderful, or books I have always wanted to read but never got round to picking up.
For example: Brave New World by Aldous Huxely.
How I managed to do both A level English and a Literature degree and never read this seminal work, I have no idea.
I even owned my own copy but had never felt the urge to read it, fearing it might be dull.
In fact it is a truly amazing and gripping work and very interesting to teach.
I urge you book club people to give it a go and I promise you will be arguing about whether we can actually be happy if we never know misery, and the virtues of a peaceful and bland world that can only exist without truth, knowledge or human connection.
I am also teaching the deeply touching and strong story of Janie Crawford in Their Eyes Were Watching God.
Again, this is a book I actually owned but had never read.
This is a great read and all of my students embraced both the book and the characters.
And for another class: The English Patient by Michael Ondaatje.
I read this one years ago and I must confess, as much as I liked it, it happens to be one of the only books I know of, where the movie is even better.
Normally it is the reverse when it comes to books and their film adaptations.
With a second reading I am enjoying it but the students are finding it a tough read.
The plot jumps all over the place and for students more accustomed to video games than books, it is proving a challenge.
Next up is The Colour Purple and I must confess that I had never read it.
How is this possible, I ask?
Obviously it is a wonderful, though harrowing read and I am wondering how to approach all the sexuality and abusive subject matter with my students.
Earlier this year I taught A Chronicle of a Death Foretold by Gabriella Garcia Marquez, Metamorphosis by Kafka and The Stranger by Camus.
And for fun?
I have read and enjoyed the following:
Let the Great World Spin by Colum McCann
A Visit from the Good Squad by Jennifer Egan
Cutting for Stone by Abraham Verghese
Mister Pip by Lloyd Jones
The Stranger’s Child by Allen Hollinghurst
So many books… so little time.
The weekend was busy and involved a fair amount of ferrying children from one place to another.
Thursday night, normally reserved for a definite couch slouch, found us hosting a casual dinner party with candles and after dinner drinks in the garden that went on way too late.
The moon was winking when I went to bed, ” you need to wake up early, tomorrow” it sniggered as I plunged head first into my duvet.
Friday morning Trooper had her Duke of Edinburgh ( bronze) practice hike.
This involved 70 teenagers let loose in the desert with a map and a packet of crisps.
She needed to be delivered to school at 6.30 am.
Initially I had optimistic ideas of an early morning walk, an efficient run around a grocery store and back home for coffee all by 9am.
Obviously, considering the too late to bed thing, this was not to be.
By 3 pm, having woken from a brief nap I had the feeling I was wasting my day and needed a jolt to bring me back to life.
“Let’s go somewhere we have never been before” I suggested.
I am tired of the same tried and true arteries I drive up and down all week, rarely venturing off my beaten and safe path.
So we did.
We found an ancient Portuguese Fort that I see in the distance when I am on one of my safe highways, but had never visited.
It was close enough to be there and back in an hour but far enough to feel I had stepped back in time and seen a different corner of Bahrain.
And we were there in time to catch the sunset.
It is important to sometimes take the other road, the one you always wanted to see but never found the time.
Maybe right around the corner is a slice of magic and you never knew.
It is the little things, the sunrises, the sunsets, the gasp of cool air, the unexpected summer shower, the splash of colour in an otherwise dark day, the clouds that appear to dance.
The first time I really noticed the sunrise I gasped.
“Look at that sky girls!”
I said as I was driving.
The sky was tumbled rose, the sun was rising slowly above a mist, hardly touching the palm trees but casting a shy pink glance over the desert.
I came to school and told some of my students about it.
Most of them had never noticed the sunrise, driving to school with eyes closed and ears locked into their private music.
One asked me why I hadn’t stopped and taken a photo.
I explained I didn’t want to be late.
And I heard myself and promised that the next day I would stop the car for a moment.
Breathe, grab the sunrise by its shoulders and say hello.
And I did.
Four times so far.
Four sunrises.
My prize for getting up that early.
And I have learnt to be thankful for my drive to school.
I have no traffic, living at the nether end of the Sandy Desert Isle.
And we have no ugliness, which is why I chose a house where I did.
Because you have to find the pretty where you can.
And I started thinking about all the morning drives I have done.
How different they are, my ‘school runs”
When they were tiny, we walked to pre-school, and in the winter I pulled a sled.
Then a change of school and a typical Montreal drive that started out with the striking beauty as I crossed the mountain and ended with a nonsensical and mental breakdown inducing red traffic light.
And another change of school and this time a short drive through slush and slippery roads, grey and heavy with winter in the cold, and a sunny, happy walk in the summer, past a park and trees laden with green.
And did we really change schools again?
This time a longer drive, to three schools, one for each of us.No sunrise between the tall buildings, traffic lights, crowded roads with lines upon lines of cars waiting to arrive.
In Trinidad we lived on the same street as our school and won the shortest commute in history prize.
We walked swiftly past the cars waiting to turn into school, waving at classmates and bouncing our backpacks on our backs.
In Uganda it was a winding drive, over potholes or past goats and chickens and for a time we walked.
And now it is the sunrise and the desert; the open spaces where our eyes can see as far as they wish.
I wanted the real desert, not the desert of oil pipe lines and gas flares.
I wanted golden dunes and mysterious silence, camels and glamorous bedouin tents, not the scrubby rolled stone and boiled sand that makes up our tatty desert.
No, I wanted the desert of Lawrence of Arabia.
And I found it.
It didn’t come cheap, but we stayed at Desert Nights Camp and it was an experience to remember.
The road getting there was a little hairy, especially in a low, basic Yaris but I take my hat off to Toyota, because even with all the sand we collected under that car it still ran on and on and got us there and back without a hitch.
The camp is in the middle of nowhere.
Literally.
It is only 11 km from the nearest village but it might as well be on the moon for the desolate silence, the soft footed and gormless camels, the dramatic stars and the dune scape.
Within minutes of arriving both girls were up a dune and running down as fast as they could.
A little later we were driven up a mountainous dune for the sunset and we all ran back to camp giggling and feeling the fun and freedom of running over a mountain of sand.
Handsome and Trooper Sand boarded the next morning ( think snow board, then think sand) and all three of them took a hair raising excursion on an ATV for an hour.
There was a short camel ride, tea and dates in the shade, a game of cards outside by the fire, shisha under the stars, wrapped up in a warm shawl.
Oman is a country of contrasts.
Muscat runs like a sliver along the coast, ancient forts and highways, palm tree dotted roads, decorated roundabouts and shiny sky scrapers; blue tiled mosques, a winding labringth of a souk and five star hotels all face a lapis sea.
Behind this sliver lies a majestic and imposing mountain range, brown in some lights, red or grey in others, barren rock that winks at the sun.
And if you take a road that cuts like a glaring wound through the mountains you will arrive at a desert the likes of which only live in the Arabia of legends.
An infinite and harsh landscape of undulating dunes, as high as mountains that stretch on and on ad-infinitum, like rolling ski hills with no snow.
And the sand is red, gold, thick with gold dust; footsteps are erased minutes after we walk, as if we had never existed.
And then back through the rock, sharp gashes through stone until, once again we spy the sea, glinting in the sun.
Deep in the mountain ranges of Oman live tiny villages with communities of people who walk for hours with a donkey to get supplies and news of the world.
There is a first world that hold hands with the third here, and a modern land that holds history in its palm.
It is a place with ancient traditions and a time line that stretches back to the days of slave trade and a port that saw people come and go from Iran and India to the eastern coast of Africa.
There are windows that I saw in the island of Lamu, off the coast of Kenya and faces that I knew had the Indian sub continent in their past.
We spent 5 days in Oman, four nights in Muscat and one in the desert, also known as the Wahiba Sands.
Hotels are pricey in Oman, especially as there is a general refusal to put a family of four in one room, demanding that we get two.
So the likes of the splendid Chedi and Al Bustan were out but we decided to stay at the Intercontinental who were very accommodating in giving us a room with two Queen Beds.
Or so we thought.
Turns out there was an entire Italian Opera company staying at the hotel at the same time as us; the brand spanking new Oman Opera House had invited them to perform Carmen ( although not a ticket could be had for love or money.)
So the Italians filled the hotel to the brim and had taken every last room.
Oh what is a family to do?
The hotel kindly popped us into the Royal Suite, complete with a living room, dining room, kitchen, three TVs and three bathrooms.
So between living like Kings and hearing the bellowing voice of a practicing Tenor down the hall, sharing a line for the breakfast cappuccino machine with loud Italians still wearing traces of theatrical makeup from the previous night’s Opera, and walking on the beach with the sharp and powerful mountain range behind, we felt we were in a story book.
Oman is like that.
Stories swirl in the air, between the tiny walls of the souk and the camel’s tread in the desert, or the echo of a cave in a Wadi, it is a place that leaves its magic hanging, long after you leave.
Particularly if you purchase Frankincense and one of the lovely burners that are sold in the Souk.
Frankincense and its accompanying cloud of fragrant smoke is the scent of Oman, and now we have it at home, for with a strike of a match and a magic bean of the golden stone, we too can remember some of the magic.
A very busy start to 2012 here in the home of 3limes.
First an amazing trip to Oman, then a quiet and unusual Christmas Day spent on the Beach in Bahrain and finally a touch of home and family with a visit from my sister and her whole brood who came over for 5 days over New Year’s.
And now as the flurry of excitement and holiday is over and it is back to work I am left with stories and photos to sort, Christmas ornaments to carefully pack away and an empty fridge to replenish.
I will come back soon, I promise.
But in the meantime here are three little memories from the past few weeks, and what lovely weeks they were.
Well I thought it would be nonexistent, it being a Muslim country and all.
But no, no no.
There are Christmas trees galore, and tinsel and mince pies, little Santas and singing elfs, shelves stocked with glace cherries and marzipan and enough wrapping paper , garlands and pretty bows to fill a kingdom.
Everyone loves Christmas, even those who do not celebrate it.
The season is infectious and each expat school has a Christmas fete, hotels have tree lightings and carol sing-a-longs and every mall is decorated to the nines.
Of course this little island is filled with expat families who do celebrate, but they are not the majority.
We took a family vote and it was decided that Christmas day would be better spent at home than away.
We have organized a holiday to Oman but will return for Christmas day.
My vote was to stay away, in case you wanted to know.
I find Christmas a quiet and lonely day without family and friends around but I have been assured that joy will be abounding.
We have had a few Christmases in the expat world.
A Ugandan Christmas is quite odd.
Obviously in a country as poor as Uganda, tinsel and trees are not high up on the ladder of importance.
In fact the buying of presents is far below the buying of shoes.
But there still exists the religious and more serious aspect of Christmas that is somber yet pure for its lack of materialism.
Occasionally you might see a lonesome scrap of tree or tinsel strung above a shop, but for the most part, outside of expat stores, the shiny and glittery part of Christmas is lacking.
The spiritual part is what remains.
I was touched when Steve, who worked for us, brought his wife and daughter to visit and they presented us with a box containing cartons of juice.
It was a gesture that resonated with all of us and remains today.
A Trini Christmas is like no other.
They have their own food, music and customs and they take both the religious and glitzy side very seriously.
No one in the world parties like a Trini and what better excuse to “lime” than Christmas?
The decorations in the malls were literally stupendous, creative and festooned with colour.
Initially I was surprised.
What did a tropical island know about Santa and elves?
But I was quickly pointed in the right directions and shown what a proper Christmas is all about.
And now Bahrain, where it rings false.
There is no spiritual element.
No, food drive or toy drive like in Canada.
No sense that everybody is doing it.
It is a fine excuse for a very rich country to wrap itself up in embellishments.
But in our little world it is as it always will be.
Chocolate peppermint bark, a few old traditions, a few new, a walk on the beach, Wham’s Last Christmas, hot chocolate in snow man mugs.
But first….
a new discovery.
We are going to visit Oman and I will return with stories and photos.
In the meantime 3limes will take a short hiatus to recharge, relax and refresh.
Happy holidays to all my readers!
I have seen patriotism, I have seen national pride and I have seen flag waving.
The Royal Wedding in England, July Fourth, Canada Day or Bastille Day, St Jean in Quebec; I have experienced them all.
But there is something just a little bit different about National Day here in Bahrain and I am not sure I can pin point what it is.
Perhaps it is the meshing of love for a country with unflagging love for a King, or maybe it is the unfailing and unquestioning pride in this small land at a time when it is feeling bruised and vulnerable.
Perhaps it might be the linking of national pride with religion so that the three tong image of King-Quran-flag makes for some very impressive symbolism.
Yesterday at school I heard the national anthem sung twice.
I saw videos of the King in full military regalia, I saw old film clips of tanks and salutes, pearl divers and oil pipe lines.
I heard poetry in Arabic and the King’s name said over and over again with a love normally reserved for close family.
I tasted food that tasted of Cardamon and rose.
I saw a blur of red and white as flags were waved with unceasing passion.
And I saw all forms of national dress from 3 year old boys, proud in their mini Thobe, fidgeting with long head dress, to tiny girls wearing sparkling Jalabiya.
The Jalabiya is gorgeous traditional dress worn by women and comes in many forms; long, short, brocade or sequinned, flowing with swaths of silk and chiffon.
Normally they come in the colours of jewels or flowers; emerald, ruby, fuchsia, lime or shimmering pearl.
I was loaned one by a student and flowed around in it all day, by the end of which I had discovered by new found personal style.
I felt part princess and part Endora and decided that I would need to pop off to the Souq to purchase one of my very own.
I’ve been wrapped in a warm blanket on my sofa watching season 2 of Downton Abby.
Not only am I crushed that it is over (what will I do without the drama?)
I am sort of alarmed by how cold it is.
I was warned it would get chilly but I just scoffed and said a little too arrogantly “I’m Canadian.
Don’t talk to me about cold.”
But they were right.
I think it comes down to a few factors.
First, the temperature dropped like 10 degrees in 2 days.
Every morning when we get into the car we look at the digital reading of the temperature and I recall when I arrived back in August it was 42 degrees Celsius most mornings.
Now it is 12.
Last week it was 27.
So there is the shock.
Then there is the fact that our house is all stone and has no insulation.
So the desert winds just come straight through the walls and through my clothes.
Then there are the clothes.
In Canada I would have a warm scarf, a gentle jacket, maybe even boots.
And certainly if my house was 18 degrees I would have on some heating, or at the very least slippers and a sweater.
I have neither.
I am spoilt from 4 years of living in the heat.
But on the up side there is the sensation of seasons.
And I wore black opaque tights for the first time in 4 years the other day.
But with a change in seasons comes a change in heart.
And I am a thinker.
So I have been musing on time and being stuck in the middle.
I am coiled tight and tense against time.
For some reason I am yet to explain, I am overly concerned with time these days.
I cannot relax into a minute and feel anxious about wasting precious time.
I have never had this sensation before and I cannot fathom why I am holding onto to time as if were priceless and threatened.
I am sitting on a sharp point between the past and the future, balancing on a tipping point like a wobbling weeble, uneasy with the sensation I might fall.
To my right I see a long stretch of desert and two girls walking away with a cloud of hope and anticipation rising around them
To my left I see photographs, black and white faces of pale chubby cheeks, eyes of those no longer with us, a family of four smiling beside a mountain of snow.
I see books I have disappeared into, pages worn with eager eyes and a tower of films I have loved and never wanted to end.
I see a laughing circle of friends fresh out of high school, our lives on a plate ready for the taking.
I see a young couple by the Nile, holding hands.
Is this what middle age feels like?
Feeling like I am in the middle?
I teach seniors of the brink of possibility and hope.
They feel the uncertainly of next year, where will they go?
Will they miss home too much?
What will they be?
Who will they become?
I write university recommendation letters and I feel the excitement and nerves of trying to get in.
And I often write to former students, staying in touch with their lives; sometimes I even skype with students I haven’t seen for four years.
I read the status updates on facebook as they negotiate the freedom of university with the tender pull of home.
I feel their anticipation as they tip towards a different point.
Is this what is feels like to be in the middle and surrounded by those just starting?
So I have taken to baking.
It has worked in the past and seems to be working now.
I find nothing quite fills a void like melted butter, warm chocolate, spiraling egg yolks and lines of sugar.
For your personal enjoyment I am showing you an Emu.
Don’t say I don’t set out to both please and entertain.
3limes is the place for all creatures, great and small.
Regulars will have read of everything from Giant African Snails, to toads, dead rats, rare and exotic birds, tree climbing lions, warthogs, giraffes, elephants, the beloved pooch and even the dreaded roach.
And now I present you with an Emu.
I went to pick up Princess from a sleepover at her new friend’s house and lo and behold, as I stepped out of the car I was greeted with quite the menagerie.
Their garden is a veritable farm beside the sea, complete with three Emus running in dizzy circles, two peacocks and an alarming Turkey who seemed thankful to have survived Thanksgiving.
I think Princess had a wild and wonderful time.
A rare treat: a Sunday at home, no work, courtesy of the Islamic New Year.
Happy New Year and welcome to the year 1433.
Not only was it a bonus Sunday but that meant the first Saturday night in months and a Sunday night that felt like a proper, night before the start of the week, Sunday night.
Complete with eggs on toast and a side offering of baked beans.
Of course it also meant a 3 day weekend.
And well deserved it was too, after a week that culminated in a day and a half of parent teacher interviews.
I was a little worried about getting all the Mohamed’s, Ali’s and Fatima’s straight.
I think I did ok, considering that I have about two in each class.
One thing I did notice is that the parents were most kind, very grateful to us teachers and that the mothers have an uncanny ability to lift their hands up considering the heavy bling.
This weekend saw more rain.
Damp, flat, grey weather that reminded me of a London day in July.
I loved it.
And I have to risk the removal of my Canadian passport when I confess that despite being 18 degrees Celsius, it actually felt quite cool.
Yes, I thought exactly the same thing when people told me it would feel cool.
Are said “ are you mad?”
I am a Canadian.
I have lived in Winnipeg ( better known as Winterpeg in some parts).
There is no way I will feel cold, ever, without serious frost bite chomping on my cheeks.
But I guess 4 years of heat stroke will do that to you.
Ok it felt cool, not cold and I was just appreciating the seasons, that’s all.
Speaking of seasons….I have wondered about Christmas in the desert.
How is it possible?
And a Muslim desert, no less.
But believe it or not, it is not even December and Muslim desert or not, the malls are top to toe in wreaths, garlands, tinsel and trees.
I asked some of my students what the hell was going on and they replied that it was just another theme.
And an excuse to shop.
And eat out.
And party.
So I guess Christmas spirit in all its materialistic glory will find its way to the Sandy Isle.
And here is the first evidence.
Turns out you can get real Xmas Trees here.
In my naivete I thought that meant there was a place tucked away in a green house that grew them.
But no.
They are flown in at great expense both to the customer and the environment.
The smallest tree is $87.50 and that is for 1.5 metres.
And the largest is a whopping $3.10 for 4 metres.
I guess we are sticking with the straggly, anemic, dwarf tree we bought in Kampala.
Going out for a coffee is not a simple thing here.
Yes there are the Starbucks and the Costas, and these are always busy.
There is even an annual barrister competition, if that is any indication of coffee seriousness.
But there are also the cafes where attendance requires some embellishment, normally of the large sun glasses, glittering head scarf and fabulosa heels variety.
We wandered into one divine cafe where the scene, at 10 am on a Sunday morning resembled a post Paris fashion show.
The men wore their heaviest watches and silkiest Thobes, but it was the women of the towering heels and reddest lips brigade who really shone.
The perfume mingled nicely with the warm almond croissants and roasted coffee beans.
With an iphone in one hand and a blackberry in another, it was hard to pick at the ‘Oeufs aux fines herbes’, and carry on a conversation with a best friend at the same time, but they managed.
Maybe it is because this is, by and large, a dry society that coffee is taken so seriously.
Handsome wore a F1 fluorescent orange cap and shorts.
We felt decidedly underdressed.
Then it was onto the next stop: the liquor store.
Now, I’ve mentioned before that alcohol is permitted in Bahrain, and in fact some Saudi’s depend on it, but it is not readily available You can’t find a beer or bottle of wine in a super market, nor in a “cold store’ the equivalent of the Quebec depanneur or the corner store.
There is no Off License, nor SAQ, nor LBO.
I thought Quebec was funny with its rules about where you can buy wine or not and the hours that it is open, or not.
But then I had never been to a liberal country in the Gulf.
Well here it is a whole different story, and one that often comes up as dinner party conversation.
“ Where did you find that,” and “ you said how much?
I am going tomorrow!” and “ they have that here now”?
So far, as much as we can discern there are three shops that sell alcohol and they are not advertised.
One is in a hotel, ( with a drive through featuring tons of Saudi plates), one is on a compound and can only be accessed through a sliding sheet metal door or Mondays and Thursdays between 1 and 3 pm.
Inside it feels like a clandestine affair.
There are shifty Indians with bloodshot eyes clutching whisky and fistfuls of crumpled cash.
There are the odd expats, scanning the aisles for something new and cheap.
There are the newbie expat dads waiting in line for their special discount card that is given out on a whim.
Everything is paid for and wrapped in dark bags lest they be seen by a passing opinionated Muslim.
Everything is over priced and falls somewhere between ‘dep wine’ ( ask a Montrealer) and ridiculous vintage French stuff for the people who never look at price tags.
Like those ladies in the coffee shop.
Our social life is rather sparse; we work, we visit the beach, we whirl through the mall and sometimes we branch out and see people.
Occasionally we try and go out after dark, just to feel the pulse of life outside our home.
Bahrain comes alive at night and is transformed into a different place.
Last night we traded in the DVDs and books, slouchy post work clothes and comfy sofa for a rather more glamourous option.
It was the gala dinner to celebrate the end of French Week here in Bahrain and since Handsome works for one of the corporate sponsors we were invited to attend.
It was a chance for the gowns to come out, the hair to be coiffed and the heels sharpened.
Jewels were polished and hung with care, nails were lacquered and glossy.
I only found out I was going about two hours before the event so little time was spent on sprucing, but a frock was donned and hair was brushed.
It was fun to go zooming down the highway to be wined and dined at one of Bahrain’s top hotels and to talk to people we had never met before.
There were opera singers flown in to provide entertainment and one of the top Sheiks made a brief appearance before being whisked away, entourage and all to another event.
Pomp and ceremony was provided by the Royal Regiment’s band and no one acted as if it was the corporate hoo-ha it really was.
Photographers ran about snapping pics for the society pages, a few were even snapped of us.
I believe it was because Handsome’s red tie matched my dress.
Champagne was drunk.
By 11 pm, with the dark knowledge that I was to wake up at 5.30 am, we had to leave.
And dessert had not even been served.
Quite different from my night in the Best American Bar in the Middle East, I’d say.
That little theft we had this week got me thinking.
Back to all the things that were pinched in Uganda and further back to an earlier and more devastating theft.
And that led to thoughts about things, having them, losing them.
Things.
I get very attached to things and when I lose them I get terribly sad.
I have had two major losses of material objects in my life and neither time was my fault.
Things never get lost easily with me, unlike my handsome and absent minded husband who could fill a book with the objects, ties, cameras, pens, sunglasses, umbrellas, clothes he has let slip through his fingers through the years, I am terribly careful, perhaps obsessively so.
I check taxis before I exit to ensure nothing has fallen out of my bag, and likewise I check hotel room drawers, cupboards, airplane front pockets.
I did once lose a roll of film in a dark but comfortable second floor hotel room in Mumbai that overlooked a courtyard filled with drinking travelers.
It must have rolled out of an overstuffed backpack.
Over 18 years later I still feel cross about it.
But the two great losses were completely out of my control and the greatest things were taken from me; sentimental, valuable and in the case of the London loss of great significance to my intellectual sense of well being.
It was summer and I was back in London at the parental home for a few weeks before heading back to Montreal.
My mother was in a cleansing mood and was going through the storage area beneath the outside basement stairs.
There were two arched caves there and my father was probably pleased that more space would be made for his growing wine collection.
Inside one of those caves were two large trunks filled with the school paperwork, letters and paraphernalia of my sister’s and my school life.
Upon being asked if she wanted to go through any of it my unsentimental and highly pragmatic sister said “ No .
Chuck it.”
When I arrived in London her stuff was already behind the house waiting for the rubbish collection the next morning.
My box was waiting in the centre of a bedroom for the excavation that would begin the next day.
I still remember that morning, at breakfast, listening to the large rubbish truck picking up her stuff, thinking how cleansing and unsentimental it was to just let it all go, all that clutter that we hold onto for so many years; school books, notes and letters from friends and old boyfriends that years before we clung to, promising to never let go.
When I went down and opened my box there was the usual collection of soppy letters and teenage angst written diaries, some embarrassing letters from an ex whose face I could barely remember.
There were some charming and amusing school books from my primary years and one or two school projects from when I was an eager 12 year old, obsessed with the French Revolution.
I looked around for the box containing my university and high school books and couldn’t see them.
Thinking they might still be in the musty cave I went to check but having no luck I asked my mother if, perhaps she had put them elsewhere.
No, she had no idea.
After some head scratching and searching that over the next half and hour became increasingly frantic, it was determined that the missing box, the most important box of all, the one containing my University Thesis and all my English A level work had been disposed of with all my sister’s stuff that very morning.
At this moment it was probably being tipped with a simple lack of grace into a rubbish dump somewhere in East London.
I lost it.
Tears, recriminations, more tears.
Urgent phone calls were made to the rubbish company, tearful apologies were made but it was done.
Remember that this was in the pre dawn days before computers, hard drives, USB sticks and the internet.
The thesis that I had worked so hard on, for so many months, was gone forever, now a soggy stained mess rapidly turning to mulch.
I still mourn the absence of that box and often think how much I’d like my daughters to read that thesis one day.
The next great loss happened on September 13th 2004.
It was 12.15 pm and I had just popped home to get my debit card before doing to do some grocery shopping.
Uncharacteristically and in the mood of walking light, I left my handbag and wallet on the dining room table and simply tucked my ATM card into the back pocket of my jeans.
I then left the house and walked to the nearby store.
It was one of those wonderful late summer days in Montreal, where the light dappled though the trees and shadows played happily on the sidewalks.
I walked to a coffee shop with my groceries, stopping to chat with a friend and making the most of my freedom while the eldest daughter was at school and my little one picked up at school and taken to a play date.
It was rare that I was alone at this time since my curly headed youngest ended pre school at midday.
When I got home at about 1pm I couldn’t open the front door.
The chain was hooked on the inside.
My skin pricked and my stomach belly flopped.
There was someone inside.
I rushed to the back gate, entered though the garden and saw with a gasp that the glass door to the kitchen was smashed.
The rock that has been used to break it had been tossed into the garden and was resting in the grass.
I quickly went next door to the neighbour’s and called the police, thinking how lucky I was that I had no children with me.
Within five minutes there there were, guns poised at the ready, on the alert in case the intruder was still inside.
I wasn’t allowed in until it was declared all clear and then they walked me through the house.
It was a slick job, neat.
Apart from one muddy foot print on the carpet of my sweet princess’ room, a foot print that made my eyes smart with tears, there was no trace of the robbery.
He had known exactly where to go, the underwear drawer was tipped, the jewelry was all gone; the computer and camera had been un plugged and lifted from their spots on the desk in the office.
There were a few glass shards in the kitchen, a small indentation on the wooden floor where the rock had hit and that was it.
It must have been a two man job.
One to call, by mobile phone, when I was seen leaving, another to enter the house and quickly remove all that I held sentimental.
We replaced the window before the children even came home and until a friend carelessly let out a remark about the robbery some months later they never knew.
I insisted on it, not wanting them to feel scared or unsafe in their home.
I remember my husband coming home from work, quickly and I remember sitting on the carpet in the front hallway and sobbing, really sobbing with anger and grief over all that was lost.
I still think, often, of items that were in that jewelry box, and I think with anger how someone came into my house and took things that were mine; valuable and sentimental things.
A charm bracelet that once belonged to my grandmother heavy with charms given to her over many years by my grandfather, each charm from a different place on their travels.
A watch, very valuable that I had received for my 21st birthday, the necklace that my real father had worn, was wearing when he died.
The presents from Tiffany that my daughters were given on the occasion of their births, the first ring from my husband that he bought for me in Boston when we were so so young.
And more, much more.
A diamond pendant I got for my 30th birthday, a tiny ring I got when I was 12 that I was saving for my own daughter’s 12th birthday.
The list goes on.
It was devastating.
The camera I was using professionally so that I had to rent another one for a wedding I was doing the next weekend.
The computer filled with work.
I felt invaded.
Yes, I know they were merely objects and no one was hurt.
For a time I became extremely disinterested in jewelry or anything sentimental that I feared losing.
I had been burnt by investing too much emotion in pieces of metal.
But we do, don’t we? Isn’t it normal to invest time, thought and love into something precious?
I wish I didn’t and I am fully back on the jewelry wagon, but objects are important to me, maybe because I move so much I have held onto to these trinkets as concrete pieces of memory.
Something unsettling happened this week.
We had a small but significant theft.
Trooper discovered that her wallet was empty.
There were three possible reasons: a) she hadn’t in fact put any money into the wallet, or perhaps it had slipped her mind that she had taken it out and pushed it into the pocket of her jeans.
So maybe it was all her fault.
b) She has a Kleptomaniac for a friend; she had just hosted a sleep over and perhaps her friend had an “issue.”
This was far more unlikely than the former option.
Or c) Our cleaning lady had pinched the money.
I worried it may be option c) so I asked Princess to check and low and behold, she too had money missing.
It was looking like option (c) was the most likely scenario but I didn’t want to it to be true.
I am very trusting; I have to be, if a person is to come into my house while I am at work and touch all my stuff.
(I know I am very very lucky, there I have said it.)
I called her.
She said she had no idea what I was talking about.
The subject was closed but not solved.
I was thinking Kleptomania…
Then the door bell rang.
It was the cleaning lady in tears.
She said it was her husband.
He had come over to our house looking for her and when she refused to give him drinking money he walked uninvited into my house, walked into my daughter’s rooms, opened their sweet little wallets and pulled out their pocket money.
She didn’t give it all back.
She says it is all there or at least what her husband claimed he took, but it isn’t.
I am sad.
It was different in Uganda; I expected it, in a way.
We had shoes, a laptop, a bag, a phone and two itouches stolen but never from anyone who worked inside our home.
Now I feel the need to hide things away and I don’t like it.
Handsome has bought a car.
( He thinks this deserves it’s own post, and perhaps it does.)
This required a drive in tandem to the car rental place to return the car he has been renting for 9 months.
( Yes it took him a long time to choose the car of his dreams.)
It being Bahrain and not the hot bed of efficiency I hoped for, the rental facility was closed.
After some toe tapping and head scratching we called the owner and wanted to know how he could possibly be closed at 6.30 pm on a weekday.
He replied that he would be over in 10 minutes.
While waiting for the trusty man to reopen the shop we hit a bar on the corner reputed to, and I quote, ” serve the best American food in the middle east”.
The table cloths were a respendant red and white check, the scent was of a definite  fried variety and classic rock was being sung by a Filipino chap with a mike.
It was the sort of American cliche only found outside of the USA.
Of course once we ordered our drinks from the “American Style bar” the man called and turned up at the shop ( disputing my theory that a Bahrain 10 mins would really be 45) and I ended up alone in the bar with a shady group of hard drinking, hard swearing and heavy smoking ( yes you can smoke inside bars here, ironically un-American) members of the US Navy.
The tv screen showed a bloody boxing match and the walls were scribbled with purposeful graffiti courtesy of the handy markers left on the worn wood bar tops.
Suddenly I was in the middle of a surreal movie created by people who had been to the US once and were trying to re create the scene they drunkedly remembered.
The American Navy was ill represented and the drinks over priced.
The whiny voice of the singer failed to do justice to James Taylor and the thick smoke was settling over my hair, my clothes and my mind.
Handsome returned.
We didn’t finish our drinks but left, instead, pushing the door into the cool and fragrant Arabian night.
I must be starting to feel better as I am typing again.
Perhaps I need to hear the sound of my voice tapping in my head….it
has been a very quiet week.
I woke up remembering a promise I made and failed to keep: I declared that when the rains came I would stand up and defend the right to dance in the rain.
I would take to the garden and twirl and splash and then we would all go bowling.
For isn’t bowling the best of all rainy day games?
But I did neither.
The rains came late at night and carried on through the dark hours and when the sun came up and rains stopped  the urge to bowl and dance was no more.
So now I will probably have to wait 7 months to keep  my promise.
On the domestic front, with little to report and digging for something good, Princess and Trooper have discovered The Gilmour Girls.
Remember that?
They are half way through season two and I am catching snippits while I walk through the living room enroute to the kitchen/bathroom/bed.
It is making me believe I am back in Montreal and it is Sunday night.
Was it Sunday night?
I can’t believe back in those days we had to wait a whole week to watch the next episode.
No flick of the remote to move forward a week.
My girls watched 10 years of Friends in 5 months!
It was like fast forwarding through Jennifer’s Hair, Matthew’s Weight and the Evolution of Jeans from too high waisted to low and hippy.
Today I am going to take a thick black sharpie and place a juicy tick next to an item on my list.
Princess is going to the Orthodontist.
I have been such a slow blogger of late, I fear my readers may just run away.
To be honest with you, the reason I am so quiet is because I have been sick, and it is half term, finally, and who wants to spend their much deserved half term sick?
I have a terrible cold/sinus/flu/ thingy and it just won’t go.
So I am feeling very sorry for myself, and I have no energy whatsoever, and therefore not a great deal to share.
I thought this would be a half term of exploring Bahrain, picture taking, discovering, but no.
It has instead been a time of shepherding children from one friend to another, criss crossing Bahrain, errands and catching up on all those little things that work stops you doing,and lots of sleep.
I can safely say that I will not hit that mall again for 1 whole week.
But on the upside I am getting a new phone, eventually?
Tomorrow?
So I will finally be reconnected now that my phone took one last breath and died.
In order to keep the same number I had before there needs to be come technological mating ritual between two companies, the one I am leaving because I hate them, and the one I can moving to.
Since it has been Eid everything is closed and the mating can only resume tomorrow.
On the upside I have found a place to re heel my shoes.
It has only been 3 months so that is one big shiny tick, right there.
On the upside we were invited to a BBQ, and I got out of bed to go; I was not to miss our big social event of the past 3 months, now was I? So the social calendar is perking up.
It was great fun and the end of the night saw teenagers squirting dish soap all over the pool side stone floor and sliding, full body prostrate, from one side of the terrace into the pool.
On the upside we had one very exciting and rare experience of rain.
Yes, the desert rains came.
And they were definitely making up for 7 months of no show.
Big dramatic clapping thunder, sharp flashing lightning and thick juicy raindrops that fell all night long.
The next day the temperature had dropped and it is now a chilly 21 degrees Celsius.
We drove out to a sodden desert the next morning and roads that had mini floods.
We have no idea when we will see rain again.
On the upside Handsome had a birthday.
Sadly it was the day after the rains so he did not get the hot sunny beach day he requested but he did get a breakfast fit for Kings, a walk on the beach, a movie, plenty of divine chocolate cake and a date with his lovely wife to a seriously trendy Japanese restaurant.
I tried to remove the pliers that were wrapped around my head for the day, pull myself out of the cold funk and pretend I was not sick.
There are still four more days of my big week off.
I am off to find some fun.
Halloween was the very best sort of fun back in the day.
Handsome would come home from work, roll up his sleeves and dig out all the soft, pulpy pumpkin flesh.
We would lay out newspapers on the kitchen floor and scoop out the insides of two or three very large pumpkins.
Then a small Trooper and an even smaller Princess would carefully draw the face with black Sharpie and Handsome would pull out the sharpest knife and start to carve.
By the time we were finished it was dark and the perfect time to drop little candles into the belly of the gourds.
Costumes would be donned, and then coats to cover them up since it was Montreal and already far too cold.
Then hats and makeup, boots pulled up, enormous trick or treating pillow cases slung over shoulders and off we’d go.
Handsome and I both wanted to trick or treat.
There is nowhere better than our old Montreal neighborhood for house hopping, even people from the burbs would drive over, spill out of minivans and use our roads to collect good loot.
So we’d take turns.
One of us would stay behind and hand out candy, one of us would take Princess’ hand and guide her up the stairs to each house, prompt her to say ‘trick or treat’ and ‘thank you’ in the smallest voice and then onto the next house.
Then home to switch and the other would do another road.
We always shared Halloween with the same friends, ate the same blood red spaghetti sauce, drank the same red wine.
A Trini Halloween was fun, as everything in Trinidad was.
It was all rum and candy and loud music and it quickly turned into a street party, a lime.
Not coats needed there, the teenagers loved to wear the skimpy costumes, to laugh the loudest, come the last.
All my students would turn up and show off their imaginative outfits, and share candy with us.
In Uganda we carved a Watermelon, having no pumpkins on hand and Princess had a party.
There was no Trick or Treating but we couldn’t drop the tradition.
There was still dress up and candy and costume.
Then last night, our first Bahrain Halloween and…nothing.
We live in the wrong neighborhood for Halloween.
I heard there were some parties, some costumes and even some trick or treating over there where the majority of expats live.
But it all feels a bit half hearted.
So I miss it.
And I miss home and our traditions.
So I feel a bit sad today.
Halloween I miss you, cobwebs, chilly night, tiny children in oversized witch hats, over eager parents, pumpkin carving, too much candy, non-stop door bell ringing, scary noises, ghoulish over priced decorations, ridiculous merchandise, hand made costumes, competitive parents, many little spider men, princess tiaras; the lot.
It’s been a funny week on the whole.
Trooper suddenly came down with something rather nasty and had a day off school.
Then once she was up and running Princess fell with a fever that kept her home for two days.
It is to be expected.
We have hit the 6 week mark and that means major assessments at school, added pressure and lots of weariness.
We have one week left and then a whole week off.
I am calling it half term, here it is called Eid.
With Princess home.
I had to stay home too, at least for the first day and that had me spinning webs of order around my house.
I had not had time, the most precious commodity of all, to organize drawers, clean shoes, do some sorting and catch up with the minutia of home life.
Playing house made me feel domesticated, a feeling rather rare and strange as I normally feel anything but.
Hitting the 6 week mark at school also led to the Day of Angst that must hit teachers everywhere.
The questions fly like curve balls: ” Am I actually teaching them anything?
Do they understand?
Am I going to make it on time?
Will they be ready?
Have I done it properly?”
We close the door and teach in a self enclosed bubble and sometimes we have our moments of self doubt.
Often it is all cleared up with a simple prescription: assign an essay and see if they can do it.
If the majority wins, you win.
But there is always a taste of doubt left sitting on the tongue.
But now it is the weekend and I can put Camus down, brush off the bikini, suck in the stomach ( ask whether I really should be wearing a bikini) and head to the beach.
Trooper is swimming in an open sea competition.
She is determined to come last and swim lazy strokes beside her new good friend.
Best of all my mother has flown in for a sweeping 4 day visit.
So there will be restaurants and visits to places and a chance to see Bahrain with visitor’s eyes.
She is our very first visitor so we have plumped pillows, laid out fresh towels, arranged roses and planned a fun weekend.
So I must push away the lurking feeling that I, too,may be getting sick, banish those worries and self doubt, stop thinking and go out and Have Fun.
It is just what the doctor ordered.
Because I am doing a whole lot of thinking at the moment; what with living on an Arab Desert Isle and teaching TOK ( Theory of Knowledge) ( google it, it is the most awesome part of the IB course and the reason I love IB), and teaching Media to a bunch of kids whose eyes visibly open with empowered recognition in class.
And because I am teaching Camus and Kafka to 17 year olds who are actually getting it.
We need to open our eyes.
And we need to walk with our full bodies, not just the little feet that take small steps.
We need to be creative people, not just painters and singers, no, but creative with everything we do, whether it be brushing our teeth, choosing our outfit in the morning, making toast, or having a heart to heart with the teenager who finally put down the phone to listen.
Creativity is about having eyes open and being awake.
So if life is a conveyor belt that you are just riding on, get off and take some full body steps.
As part of my intent to stop, listen, watch and take notice I have created a Tumblr account ( yes bandwagon, a bit) to drop off lots of juicy morsels that I see and want to share.
This is not a place where I will ever put something I create.
Rather, it is a glorious depository of things I find.
Think of it as a magic chest of treasures.
There are words and small films, poems and photos, quotes and links.
I have huntered and gathered for ages but finally now I have a place to put the things I find.
And I realize how it could be a full time job, this finding and storing, and how I don’t have enough minutes in this life to read and watch all the things I want.
Having taught in International schools with their diverse populations for some time, and before that in Montreal with its gentle mix of cultures I have never, until now taught in a school with single ideology.
Now my class is full of students of one faith, one culture, one nationality and one common background.
At times it unnerves me, sometimes I am surprised but most often I am quietly jealous of their sense of belonging.
There are things that are certain.
Every Friday they will gather with their whole family at the grandparents’ house for a lunch time meal.
Every summer they will leave Bahrain and visit London or the States.
Every weekend they will see the same friends and family that they have been seeing for all the weekends of their lives.
Each school day they will come and sit beside a friend they have known since kindergarten.
They will probably leave for university but then almost definitely return to live close to family.
They will marry someone they know, or who is at least known through association.
Each day, at some point, maybe for some during school in the prayer room, maybe for others later in the privacy of their home, they will pray.
But for all religion is not only a quiet focus in their lives but a central source of purpose.
During one of my outside duties I observe a number of students, certainly not the majority, but a handful, walk over to the prayer room, remove their shoes and enter for about 5 minutes.
And I am always surprised.
That they take time away from their already short lunch break, that they find comfort and solace in the simple act of homage and that religion shapes the structure of their days.
My own prejudice led me to believe that living amongst a singular ideology would cause single
mindedness, therefore closed mindedness.
But in the majority of cases that is not true.
Of course there are some who live with a naïveté that borders on precious.
In the words of one student:  “for the high class women bringing up children and cooking are not their tasks, they are the jobs of housemaids”.
They are all comfortable; struggle is not in their vocabulary.
They have sense of us vs. them, they are deeply proud and protective of their Arab culture and hate the way the Western media portrays them and ‘gets it wrong.’
But there are many who struggle with the daily injustice they see before them, who are thinking and critical young adults, more aware than many I taught back in Montreal.
They have an awareness of their culture that rests within the certainty off all it offers them.
Often I feel I am the student.
But isn’t that the way real teaching should be?
