This has been one hell of a week here on the east coast; wrought with unnerving tension and worry.
Truly, I’m emotionally exhausted because I spent the last four days deeply concerned about the people in my life (many of whom are bloggers) and trying to contact them through emails, phone calls and their blogs, just to see if they were okay.
Also, my own family worried about me and called several times a day to find out if I was safe.
There are three blogger friends of mine who I’ve still not been able to contact, one of whom lives in Brooklyn, NY, which is practically underwater.
As I’m sure you’ve heard, the east coast of the U.S. (particularly NY and New Jersey) were hit hard on Monday by Hurricane Sandy; losing not only power but lives as well.
The aftermath of Sandy has been devastating.
I sat here all day Monday watching the Weather Channel online, as the culmination of a hurricane and nor’easter chewed up and spit out everything in its path.
Having lived in Florida for 20 years, I’ve been through four hurricanes, but none of them made me as uneasy as Sandy.
You have no idea how utterly blessed I feel to have not been directly affected by this hurricane because at one point as I watched the radar report on TV, it appeared to be heading DIRECTLY into Pennsylvania.
We experienced severe, icy cold winds and some rain from about 2 PM on Monday, until 10 PM that night.
And because I am on a high-upper floor, the wind was blowing so hard against my windows, they shook.
Luckily we never lost electrical power, but I’m amazed that we didn’t.
There are many things I learned from this experience.
It’s an odd feeling being cooped up inside by yourself, not able to go anywhere for over 24 hours because it forces you to focus on the moments at hand; realizing you have no control over a situation, so you just have to be still and wait it out.
As you know, I believe in the power of Universal energy (or call it prayer if you wish) and that it can be used to help not only ourselves, but others as well.
I spent several hours throughout Monday, sending positive energy to those who were being severely affected by this hurricane in faith that it would do some good.
Also, I became acutely aware of how UNaware I take so many things for granted.
I wonder why it takes something like Hurricane Sandy to snap you into consciousness of the many things in your life to be grateful for?
And not only things like a roof over our head, electricity, running water, Internet and telephone service, but more so that we have family, friendships, good health, and are safe and alive.
I think because of what I’m experiencing with my beloved mother right now, in addition to Hurricane Sandy, I’ve been even more sensitive to gratitude.
We live in a world that relies so much on technology, that whenever it’s taken away it makes us feel extremely vulnerable because it seems as though we’ve lost everything.
Yet, it’s ironic how in feeling vulnerable it brings us closer together in human contact because we see how much we need one another for support.
It changes our whole perspective on things.
Tuesday, as I walked around the deserted city of Philadelphia, watching shop owners and residents repairing the damage from Sandy, it hit me like a ton of bricks.
Gratitude.
I ask through this post, that you each share energy, prayer, positive thoughts, and love with those who have been seriously affected by this hurricane because it’s going to take weeks and possibly months for these people to repair.
And please take a moment to reflect on all the things in your life to be grateful for.
Today I wanted to give you guys and gals an update on what’s going on with my mother.
Do you remember me saying in my post back in June after my mother got a clean bill of health, that she was going to get a checkup by her oncologist every three months to see if she was still clean?
Well, mid-September, we discovered that her cancer had returned.
A few weeks before she went in for her PET scan, my mother told me that she felt like it was back because she could sense something going on within her body.
Her breathing was labored, she had aches and pains, and she was tired all the time.
Also, her mind was unable to think clearly.
Overall, she just didn’t feel right.
During her consultation, my mother’s doctor advised her not to take chemo this time because it would only weaken her body; giving her less-quality of life.
She agreed.
Currently she is at home with hospice care, keeping her comfortable and seeing that all her needs are met.
Gratefully she is not currently experiencing pain, so hasn't needed much in the way of pain control medication.
She is still able to care for herself in many ways and has not become totally dependent on hospice, other than a nurse visiting her twice a week to see how she’s doing.
Down the road, when the time comes for her to require more care, she will either move into a hospice facility (the one in which my father was at) or have hospice at home 24/7.
Amazingly enough, she is able to go out with her girlfriends occasionally for lunch or dinner, and has even gone to the casinos in the evening for a little gambling (which she ADORES).
She has a tremendous amount of love, care and support around her right now in the way of my brother, family, and friends.
She and I talk twice a day on the phone.
She has good days, and not-so-good days.
She has apprehensive moments, and then moments when she just goes with the flow and embraces what is to be.
Right now we are taking each day as it comes; accepting what is in front of us.
We speak opening and honestly about the reality of what is happening, as we walk through this journey together.
We grieve, and yes, we even share many moments of laughter.
My mother was born with a very strong spirit, a spirit that has gotten her through many a tough time.
A spirit, I know, which will guide her through this transition because of her unshakable faith.
There is a great lesson in knowing that death is staring you straight in the face, and realizing that someone you love has limited time on the earth.
It makes you stare straight back at it, not allowing the sorrow to override the now moments of joy; knowing that the love we share will never die.
The wonderful thing about photography is that the photographer has the freedom to present a photo as he/she sees the image; which includes things like, perspective, composition, and cropping.
You view the image THROUGH the photographer’s eye.
I’m a big nighttime person.
And the cool thing about living in a city is that once the sun goes down, the sky becomes a black velvet backdrop for beautiful shades of amber; creating almost a ‘fiery’ glow through which all other city lights project.
Lately, I’ve been experimenting with the settings on my camera instead of using it in auto mode, so that I have more self-control.
As you know, nighttime shots are a challenge because there is such a drastic contrast between light and dark.
You don’t always want to use a flash, but at the same time you also need to allow for enough exposure, so that you can capture the drama of nightlight.
Here are some photographs I took over the past two weeks of my favorite time of the day.
Since I only have a TV and not cable service, all I can say is…thank god for the Internet and You Tube.
Last week during the hurricane, I spent hours watching episodes of my all-time favorite TV show, The Golden Girls.
To be honest, I’ve never been much of a TV person.
The only time I was ever interested was back in ‘80s and ‘90s when the medium of television produced QUALITY shows.
Practically everything on TV now is a reality show and quite frankly, I can watch reality every day of the week by just walking out my front door and experiencing life.
For me, television and movies should be a means of taking a break from reality and being entertained, or provoked to think and feel.
With having computers nowadays, you really don’t need a TV because anything you want to watch (movies, television shows, documentaries, news) can be found online.
So why even have a television?
My computer screen is actually bigger than my TV screen, so it makes viewing things all the better.
Anyway, getting back to the show.
During the '80s, I don’t think there was a sitcom more superbly executed than The Golden Girls.
Okay, perhaps Designing Women too.
The '80s was a decade when TV shows were bringing women to the forefront; showing them as independent and strong.
Not only was The Golden Girls brilliantly written, but the four actresses who portrayed Dorothy, Blanche, Rose and Sophia, were stellar!
You can always tell when a TV show is outstanding because you can watch the show 10-15 years later…and it still has the same effect when you watched it for the first time.
Because the situation comedy is timeless.
About four years ago, I shared a post with you confessing how I would swipe a stack of napkins from Starbucks whenever I made a purchase from one of their cafes.
And I’m not talking about 5 or 6 napkins, no, I’m talking a STACK of 10 to 15.
Well guess what?
I’m still doing it.
However back then I called it STEALING, now I call it KIDNAPKINING.
And considering how many times a week I patronize Starbucks, I haven’t had to purchase a napkin in over FOUR years.
I’ve got so many napkins stocked up that I could sew them all together and make a quilt the size of China!
Sometimes I have so many napkins in my kitchen cabinet, that when I open the door, I'm hit in the face with an avalanche of Starbucks napkins.
But I truly don’t feel the slightest bit guilty about this, and do you know why?
Because if you add up all the cups of coffee I purchased from Starbucks over the past four years, it comes to a grand total of $36,383.20.
*And that's not even including all the baked goods I've purchased.
So do you know what?
I consider my napkins a GIFT WITH PURCHASE.
And the funny thing about this is that I now have other people kidnapping napkins for me whenever they go into a Starbucks too.
Yes, I've become a napkin PIMP.
Like yesterday.
I went into Starbucks during my break at work with three of my fellow-employees, and as we were leaving the café they each handed me a stack of napkins and said, “Here you go Ron, add these to your collection.”
I replied, “Listen, could you also go into the restroom and grab a few rolls of toilet paper for me, because I’m getting kinda low.”
So remember everyone, if you ever find yourself kidnapkining  from Starbucks, don’t feel guilty because it’s a well-deserved...
I was raised in a family that really got into celebrating the holidays.
And I when I say really….I mean REALLY.
Both my mother and father were the type of parents who experienced the holidays through their children, therefore they had a way of making everything extra-special for us so that they could enjoy it through our eyes.
Whether it was Christmas, Thanksgiving, Easter or Halloween, our home looked like a window display at New York City’s, Macy’s Department Store.
I can even remember my parents celebrating President George Washington’s birthday by giving each one of us kids a cardboard hatchet that was filled with hard candy cherries, representing when George (as a young boy) chopped down a cherry tree, exclaiming, “I cannot tell a lie, father, you know I cannot tell a lie.
I did cut it with my little hatchet.”
Um….now that I think of it, I bet my parents gave us those little hatchets as a reminder NEVER TO LIE TO THEM.
Very clever they were!
All kidding aside though, I feel so utterly blessed to have the parents I did growing up because whenever I look back, I see my family life as one of great joy and celebration.
I know there are many people who are not into Halloween, but I certainly am.
And the reason being is that it still makes me smile like a kid.
Over the past few weeks, I took my camera around the city and snapped photographs of one of my favorite holidays….Halloween!
Please enjoy...
I few days ago, I got into the elevator of my apartment building and saw this on the floor….
Doesn’t it look almost REAL??? Spiders FREAK me the HELL out.
Have you ever heard a 57-year old man scream like a SISSY MARY?
Well if you haven’t you would, had you been in the elevator with me that night.
Isn’t this hilarious?
It’s a witch who obviously had a collision with the side of this building while flying on her broom.
She was as flat as a pancake.I discovered this Dracula bat hanging upside down on the side of a house, located down one of those quaint narrow side streets that Philadelphia is famous for.
Okay, I wish you could have seen my excited reaction when I opened the package that my blogging buddy, Chrissy, mailed me this past weekend.
You would have thought I had just discovered the secret to no more wrinkles without Botox.
I was utterly ecstatic!
Thank you, Chrissy...x
As most of you peeps already know, I ADORE squirrels.
Yeah, yeah…I know they can be devilish, pushy, somewhat disruptive, and very aggressive when it comes to stealing food from the birds, but hey…what does that tell you about me?
I’m devilish, pushy, somewhat disruptive, and aggressive when I’m HUNGRY too.
Anyway, all my life I’ve wanted TWO things.
Now thanks to Peg and Chrissy…I have BOTH!
Allow me to introduce you to my new pet squirrel…Charles.
Isn’t he ADORABLE?
And the cool thing about Charles is that he came with his own constant food supply.
If you look real close, you can see that he’s eating one of my favorite foods…an APPLE!
Sunday we spent the day in the park; hanging out...
As soon as we got there, Charles tried to climb this tree.
But alas, he couldn't...because he suddenly realized that his nails were made of cardboard.
We discovered a baby pumpkin on the ground, so Charles begged me to take a photo of him posing by it.
All the other squirrels in the park ran away when they saw Charles.
Personally, I think it was because his exceedingly handsome looks intimidated them.
Either that, or they were FREAKED seeing a grown man in the park taking photos of a cardboard cutout of a squirrel.
After a long day running around within nature, Charles was dang tired.
Here he is just after I tucked him into bed at 7 PM.
Isn't he cute?
Wherever you live, I’m sure you’ve witnessed how much the price of food as escalated this past year.
Every time I walk into a grocery store, I find myself wide-eyed and muttering out loud, “Holy shit.…can the price of food get ANY higher???”
I honestly don’t know how people with families manage.
It’s getting to the point where it’s cheaper to actually dine out, than buy food and eat at home.
Personally, I shop at two stores, either Trader Joe’s or Super Fresh.
Trader Joe’s is usually more economical, but even their prices are getting high.
Super Fresh is one of those stores that I only shop when I need odds and ends, because their prices are normally WAY higher than most grocery stores.
Every once in a while I’ll catch a good sale, but most of the time for the prices I pay there, I could buy a 10 acre villa in Rome, Italy!
A few days ago, I popped into Super Fresh to grab a few things because I was walking around that area of the city.
As you all know, I love apples more than my own life, so I picked up THREE to get me through a few days, but didn’t notice the sign which displayed a ‘weight price’ rather than a ‘single price’ for each apple.
I will ALWAYS check my receipt before leaving the store because Super Fresh is notorious for NOT ringing the sale price at the cash register.
I can’t tell you how many times I’ve discovered mistakes.
After checking my receipt, which was correct by the way, my eyes suddenly noticed one of the most expensive items…
$4.28 for THREE apples?!?!?
I remember a time when I could buy a whole BAG of apples for $2.95.
I also remember a time when a five-stick pack of Wrigley chewing gum was 35 cents.
But rather than return the apples and use the money for a down payment on a Rolls Royce, I decided to keep the fruit and enjoy them, because for $4.28 they must be GREAT-tasting apples, right?
Yet, how did these three apples taste?
Well, I’ll show you…..
Sometimes I’m referred to as a “people snob.”
Yet, I honestly don’t feel I’m a snob, but rather someone who selects my close association with people very consciously.
My close friends come from various educational and work backgrounds, cultures, spiritual beliefs and sexual orientations.
I enjoy being around people who are different than me because it makes our friendships interesting.
I don’t need or expect others to be EXACTLY like me in order to have them as friends.
However, there are certain things I most definitely look out for in a friendship.
*People who are perpetually negative.
I realize that we all go through negative and challenging times in our lives, but I’m talking about those people who seem to thrive on being negative; who only wish to focus on what’s wrong and not right.
People who are not afraid to take chances, grow and move forward, because they inspire me to do the same.
People who mutually support and celebrate one another’s aspirations and accomplishments; without jealousy.
I love associating with people who are more experienced at things because I become inspired by their talents and LEARN.
I can sincerely say that I’m not a person who has ever been jealous of anyone.
Jealousy is one of the most debilitating energies because it’s like a poison that eats away at you.
People who I admire for their outlook on life and trust their opinions; coming from a positive attitude.
I am very careful about who I ask advice.
Very.
As most you know, I am quite sensitive when it comes to feeling energy; therefore I can almost immediately sense someone.
A good gauge for me is whether I feel energized or tired being around someone.
If I feel drained, then I intuitively know this is not an individual I want to be closely associated with.
I also watch how people treat other people, because they will often show their true colors to a stranger, rather than the person they’re trying to impress.
Truthfully, I would rather have two or three close personal friends, than twenty.
Yes, I’m very conscious about the company I keep, because…
Okay, I’m wondering if any of you caught the mistake I made in my previous post and were just being polite by not mentioning it because it was my birthday, but were thinking, “Poor man.…I
don’t have the heart to tell him he can’t subtract.”
Tuesday night my brother Tom called to wish me a Happy Birthday, when I heard my mother’s voice in background, “Happy Birthday, Ronnie!
How old are you now, 57?”
I told my brother to tell my mother, “No, I’m 58 today.”
And then no sooner did I say that, something made me stop dead in my tracks.
It was like a light bulb clicked on in my head.
Bewilderedly I said to my brother, “Um…Tom, I’m 58, right?”
Tom immediately started calculating the year I was born (1955) by subtracting it from 2012 in his head.
In the meantime, I took out my calculator and began doing the math.
Simultaneously my brother and I shouted, “No, I’m/you’re not 58….you’re
57!!!”
After we laughed our asses off, I said, “Well, at least I’m a year less than what I thought I was.”
Then I suddenly blurted out, “HOLY SHIT…..I TOLD EVERYONE ON MY BLOG THAT I WAS 58 YEARS OLD ON TUESDAY.
I LIED!!!!!!!!!”
Well, I didn’t really LIE, I just can’t SUBTRACT.
See, this is another thing that happens when you age.
You lose your ability to THINK.
So forgive me everyone.
Back in July when I was visiting my family in Florida, a good of friend of my mother’s gave me a small skincare sample of a facial buffing cream from the company, Sisley.
Sisley is one of the most expensive skincare companies on the market, so I could never afford to purchase their products unless I started turning tricks down on the street corner.
But I thought I’d try the sample to see if it was as good as they say because people RAVE about it.
Next, I applied the buffing cream and waited for it to dry.
Then, using circular motions with my fingertips I gently buffed off the cream, removing dead cells and impurities; revealing renewed skin.
OMG…don’t I look FLAWLESS?
It worked like MAGIC!
Notice how my skin glows with a delicate, ethereal quality.
I resemble Norma Desmond in Sunset Boulevard, right after she had a team of beauty experts come to her house and give her a complete makeover; preparing for her big comeback to the silver screen.
Well, tomorrow, Ronnie turns 58.
Can you believe that?!?
It’s actually not a bad age if you split the numbers in half because I do feel between 5 and 8 years old.
Funny, because when I was a kid and my mother turned 40, she said, “I know I’m 40 years old now, but I still feel like a teenager.”
At the time, I thought, “Hell woman….you’re
OLD!” I didn’t know what she meant until I turned 40 and still felt like a teenager myself.
There is a part of us, that no matter how old we get, stills feel like we did when we were a child.
Yes, you do start to notice how your body shifts and changes as you progress in age.
Like, the need for reading glasses, or the need to change your diet in some way, or constantly forgetting why you walked into a room because your memory is only working on 1 GB.
These things will inevitably happen to all of us because it’s a natural part of the physical aging process.
Our hair turns gray and thins; we start to notice lines on our face; our breasts deflate and our testicles hang down to our knees.
But do you know how I honestly feel about those things?
I wouldn’t ever want to trade those things to be a youngster again because back then I didn’t know shit.
Yes, my skin was tighter and my reading sight might have been better, but getting older has given me a GREATER vision.
Not with my eyes, but with my soul.
I also feel like I have more energy, more passion, and more of a sense of playfulness than I did when I was younger.
Additionally, I feel like I know myself better.
I think the important thing when it comes to aging is to embrace the physical process of things we can’t control.
And at the same time, never letting go of the child within because that’s what keeps us forever curious, forever growing, and forever young.
Allowing ourselves to graduate in age.
But also allowing space for the child.
I spent part of this week going through all the photos I’ve uploaded from my camera to my computer; deciding which ones to keep and which ones to toss into my recycle bin and then delete.
I’m sure you all know how easy it is to start collecting picture after picture, swearing you’re going to eventually use them one day, but never do.
And then before you know it, you have HUNDREDS of photographs on your computer which slow it down.
I’m one of those anal retentive people who is always freeing up disk space and defragmenting my hard drive because I like my computer to run smooth and fast.
And just for the record, I’m also anal retentive when it comes to deleting emails because I can’t stand seeing my mail box FULL of emails.
If there’s more than three sitting in my box, I get claustrophobic.
Yet, I once had a friend who saved every single email she ever got, dating back to 3000 BC.
The first time she showed me her email box I broke out in hives and hyperventilated.
I don’t like clutter of any kind.
I feel better if things are tidy and spacious.
Today, I would like to share some of the photographs I decided to keep, which are from this past spring and summer.
There is no particular theme to these photos, just a hodgepodge of images.
Please enjoy….
Okay, either I’m slowly developing dementia, or I should not drink wine while cleaning.
You be the judge.
Saturday night at about 10 PM, I poured myself a nice glass of Cabernet Sauvignon and then sprawled out on the floor with some pillows in front of the television and watched one of my favorite DVD’s, Steel Magnolias.
I should probably tell you that I’m a lightweight when it comes to drinking.
I can ONLY drink red wine and ONLY one glass.
One glass is just enough to give me a delightfully giddy buzz, which usually entails wrapping a fuchsia boa around my neck and dancing around my apartment while listening to The Supremes singing, “Ain’t No Mountain High Enough” and other Motown tunes.
Then I crash and fall asleep.
Anyhow, a few minutes into watching the movie I suddenly had to pee.
So I went to the bathroom and did a tinkle, and then washed my hands.
While drying my hands I noticed that the bathroom sink was getting kind of scummy-looking, so I grabbed the Comet cleanser from the cabinet under the kitchen sink (also grabbing my glass of wine), and then scoured my bathroom pedestal sink.
Well, from scouring the sink, I went to scouring the toilet; to scouring the bathtub; to scouring the bathroom floor.
Fifteen minutes later, I realized I had scoured the ENTIRE bathroom.
See, this is what happens when you drink wine and get distracted from what you were originally doing….like,
watching a movie.
After I finished, I stood back and thought, “Wow….this
bathroom looks faaaaaaaabulous!”
*and then I did a twirl*
I turned off the bathroom light, placed the Comet cleanser back under the kitchen sink cabinet, and then returned to my movie.
I don’t know about you, but drinking wine always makes me hungry.
So I went to the kitchen and fixed myself a snack of crackers, bruschetta, and Asiago cheese.
But here’s what I saw when I opened the refrigerator door….
Now can you imagine if I was one of those people who drank MORE than one glass of wine?
I would probably wake up in the morning to find my toothpaste tube in the back of the refrigerator, and the milk carton on the first shelf in the medicine cabinet.
Today I would like to talk about being corrected.
And the reason I’m sharing this is because a few months ago I read a blog post, in which the author expressed his feelings about how one of his readers caught a spelling mistake on one of his posts and then emailed him to make him aware of it.
Well, he was quite upset about this and said that if his readers were only focusing on spelling errors, then they shouldn’t be reading his blog.
It was obvious the author was sensitive that someone caught his mistake and was having a hard time dealing with it.
Since I don’t know HOW the email was worded, I can’t be sure as to why he reacted the way he did, but regardless, I don’t think writing a whole post about the correction was the smartest thing to do because it only seemed to MAGNIFY the mistake.
Let's face it, as bloggers, there will inevitably be times when we make errors on our posts, whether they are spelling, punctuation, word usage, or facts.
I myself have had it happen MANY times.
I don’t care how much I proofread a post, an error will still slip past my eyes.
Sometimes I will catch a mistake and correct it myself after I publish a post, or sometimes a reader will catch the error and either email me or share it in their comment.
And do you know what?
I’m glad they corrected me because it means they were looking out for my best interest.
When I first started blogging and would find a mistake, it used to make me feel so embarrassed and red in the face.
Like, “OH MY GOD…..I MADE A BLOOPER AND THE ENTIRE INTERNET SAW IT!!!” However, over the past five years I’ve learned to accept it.
I once had a reader who left a comment on one of my posts that dated back two years ago, in which I improperly used the word, it’s.
The comment they left was extremely well-expressed without any ridicule.
They took the time to explain to me in detail the difference between using it’s versus its.
And I was so grateful because up until that point I had been using them wrong.
I sincerely thanked them for bringing it to my attention because they taught me something.
To be honest, anytime anyone has ever pointed out a mistake to me, they’ve never done it in a way that was condescending or nasty.
They did it out of genuine care.
Besides reading personal blogs, I also read many professional blogs and will occasionally catch spelling errors; therefore I see that it can happen to anyone.
One of the most valuable things I’ve learned through blogging is how to be a better writer.
I love to write and have a passion for words, but was never very good at English/Grammar in school.
So through trial and error, blogging has been my teacher.
I will always do my best to publish mistake-free posts, but hey, I’m also realistic enough to know that sometimes it’s going to happen.
And if a reader catches an oversight, and they wish to tell me in a caring manner, then I don’t have a problem with that.
I would rather someone tell me, than let it go uncorrected.
No matter where you live, there will always be pros and cons.
And although I find more pros than cons living in a city, there is definitely one thing I would place on my CONS list.
You see, I have very sensitive ears.
So sensitive, I can hear a piece of sewing thread fall on the carpet.
Oh, and I can also hear a moth pass gas.
It sounds like this….pfffffffffffffffft!
Yes, THAT’S how sensitive my ears are.
Therefore, one thing that can be extremely offensive to my audio sense is the noise of city life.
But after a while you sort of adapt to it….sorta.
In fact right this second, as I type this, TWO police cars are driving by my apartment building with their sirens BLASTING.
Sirens are probably the worst sound because it feels as though someone is slashing my ears with RAZOR BLADES.
But those of you who live in a city already know that sirens are part of it.
And they’re DAILY and ONGOING.
Often I’ll be talking on the phone with someone from out of state, and if a siren goes by they’ll say, “That siren sounds like it’s coming from inside your apartment!”
Second to sirens, jackhammers are EVIL.
For the past week, the city of Philadelphia has been doing some major road repair on the street in front of my apartment.
And the most delightful thing about it is that they do this repair work from about 10 PM until 2AM because the streets are less occupied during those hours.
However, this year they’ve taken up using their jackhammers during daytime hours, so now I have to listen to this noise 24/7 - and that's BETWEEN the sirens.
And while sirens make me feel as though someone is slashing my ears, the sound of jackhammers makes me feel as though someone is performing a long and painful root canal on one of my back molars WITHOUT Novocain.
Earlier this week, I went out and took some photos of the men at work.
I couldn’t decide whether or not to share this post because I know it will bring up sad memories for people and possibly induce uncomfortable feelings.
But then I thought, “Why not?”
What happened on 9/11 should never be forgotten, and that until the TRUTH is finally revealed about who is really responsible for that day, no one should stop questioning or talking about it.
So here goes, folks.
And I’m just going to forewarn you that this a blunt, raw and passionate post.
No humor today.
If you would care to read a post I wrote several years ago about my visiting the World Trade Center a month and a half before 9/11, you will find it here.
I have to be honest.
I had a delayed reaction to what occurred on September 11, 2001.
I don’t know whether it was shock, denial or just plain ignorance on my part, but it didn’t really hit me until about 4 years ago when I began watching video after video of what happened on that day.
It started with grief.
I don’t think I ever grieved so hard or so deep in my life.
Not only did I grieve for the people who lost their lives in the attacks, but for the courageous firefighters who also died fighting for those lives.
The most difficult thing for me to watch was the people who had to make a choice of whether to burn to death or jump out of a 90-story window because they were so terrified.
I forced myself to watch those videos because I was finally at a point where I needed to SEE and FACE what had happened.
Truthfully, it felt as though I was watching a movie and that what I was witnessing were stunt falls because I couldn’t fathom anyone having to do that for REAL.
Next came my anger.
And like with my grief, I don’t think I ever felt so much anger in my life.
I was angry because I could not believe that my country allowed this to happen.
And I was angry at the people who did this to us.
Anytime I saw someone on the street who was Muslim, I wanted to spit at them.
That's how angry I was.
For the past four years, I’ve harbored a great deal of anger, paranoia and prejudice towards anyone who was Muslim.
I got to the point where if someone came into my store who was Muslim, I ignored them as if they weren't even there.
For the past month and a half, I’ve spent a great deal of time researching stories and watching videos of new evidence that what we as Americans were told what had happened on 9/11 was in fact a LIE.
And it’s ironic because for years my own mother has been telling me this over and over again, but I blew her off as if she didn’t know what she was talking about.
But she knew.
At first, I didn’t want to believe it.
Yet, as I watched and listened to countless educated and knowledgeable people step forth and tell their stories of what REALLY happened on that day (in the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and in Shanksville, PA), the truth finally hit me.
There are too many questions unanswered; too many things that don’t make sense; too many people being silenced who know things.
With what I’ve seen and heard over these past few months, I do believe that 9/11 was an act of terrorism.
Yet, not by the people who I’ve been unjustifiably spewing my anger at, but rather by looking within.
I called my mother last week and had a long discussion about this and midway through our conversation I began to sob uncontrollably - I literally shook with grief.
But this time I grieved for a different reason than I did four years ago.
I grieved because this was a choreographed and self-inflicted act of terrorism.
It was a magic trick.
But like with all magic, the magician creates a plausible distraction to keep the audience from noticing the trickery, so that they only believe what's in front of them.
And why was this act of terrorism done?
Well, it all boils down to two things.
MONEY and POWER.
And how sad that is.
I would like to apologize for my past anger directed at Muslim’s.
I was wrong and unfair, and I’m sincerely sorry.
But you see I had a veil over my eyes; believing that what my country told me was true.
I am not here to alter your personal views on 9/11, because that's something you would have to research on your own and come to your own conclusion.
But I believe it was an inside job.
Will the truth ever be openly revealed?
Probably not.
But I know.
I just do.
With 9/11 approaching, I would like to dedicate this post to the thousands of people who lost their lives that day, and to the family and friends of those people who still live with this grief and mystery.
And to New York City.
The city I love with all my heart.
I would like to say…
Your loved ones are in a much better and safer place.
Back in my archives, I probably have a half dozen posts I’ve shared about my school years, especially pertaining to the EIGHT YEARS I spent in Catholic school.
I prefer to think of those years as, "the eight years I spent not in a school, no, but rather the eight years I spent in a hard labor and discipline penitentiary, which periodically involved having my knuckles cracked with a 12-inch wooden ruler by a HOLY nun."
But I’m not bitter or anything.
To put it bluntly….I HATED school.
I honestly don’t know how I ever got through those eight years.
Catholic school was all about learning through the fear of GOD and that if you couldn’t recite your multiplication tables correctly, God would be very disappointed in you; resulting in SIN.
Personally, I don’t feel that teaching education and religion together is wise because it confuses a young mind into believing that God only loves you if you know the multiplication tables.
And overall, that’s what Catholic school taught when I was a lad.
School got a bit easier as I transferred over to a public high school.
Public school was good for me because it had more of an open feel; blending children from diverse cultural backgrounds.
But even still, I’m not a big advocate of structuralized education when it comes to me.
I would have done much better had my parents just threw me into the street and said, “Okay Ronnie, LEARN.”
To tell you the truth, my most valuable education was when I got OUT of school because I began to investigate things and discovered that I learned better through research.
I like to hunt for education.
The only real joy I ever got out of school was going shopping towards the end of the summer with my wild mother, and buying school supplies.
There was something so utterly exciting about getting all new school supplies, which included a new book bag to carry around the books I NEVER read.
Here were some of my staple school supplies….
I never fully understood what you really used this damn thing for, but I liked having one because I used to turn it upside down and draw happy faces with teeth, on the inside cover of my composition book while Sister Clare was teaching History (which was a SIN).
This was an item I knew well because I used it constantly to erase all the mistakes I made in MATH.
I enjoyed these erasers because of the way they smelled.
I loved sniffing them (also a SIN).
God forbid you wrote with anything OTHER than a #2 pencil because it was the only lead that was approved by the Catholic Archdiocese as not being a lead that was potentially SINFUL.
This was another item I enjoyed smelling.
There was nothing quite like the scent of glue paste.
It was beyond faaaaaaabulous!
Yes, and a couple times I actually TASTED it.
One thing I loved doing with glue past was to smear a thin layer on the palm of my hand, wait for it to dry, and then peel it off like skin (big time SIN).
There was nothing more heavenly than getting a fresh box of Crayola Crayons with a built-in sharpener.
Crayons were another item I used to love smelling, especially when I first opened the box.
I would sit there with my eyes closed in total olfactory rapture; inhaling their intoxicating aroma (SIN).
Well, it’s no wonder I did so poorly in Catholic school, spending every moment sniffing stuff; getting HIGH.
And living a life of SIN.
Okay, so let me see if I can remember my multiplication tables….
Have you ever had one of those days where everything was just perfect?
I did, last Saturday.
It was one of those days where everything was in sync.
From the weather being perfect, not hot or humid, to everything I did that day going smoothly and easily.
There was a calm and relaxed energy in the air, and not only for me, but for everyone else in the city as well.
You could feel it.
These are the kinds of days that would great if we could just store them in a bottle and then pop open the cork on days when they seem to SUCK, wouldn’t it?
I relished Saturday.
I sat in the park and communed with nature for about an hour and half, while getting some sun and not SWEATING to death.
Later, I made myself a delicious lunch and then took a nice long walk throughout the city; snapping photographs.
Afterwards, I went to Starbucks and had a fresh cup of dark roast coffee, while sitting in a window seat; watching urban life on the street.
About 6:00 PM, I ate some dinner and then walked over to F.Y.E.
I purchased one of my all-favorite comedy films (on sale, btw), My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
I then went home and poured myself a nice glass of red wine, laid on the floor and watched my movie.
Yes, it was a perfect day.
Actually, it was a perfect weekend!
Earlier in the week something utterly strange happened.
Monday, I went over to You Tube to watch some music videos and found, Macho Man, by the Village People.
I spent part of my early twenties in NYC during the 1970 -80's, and the Village People were very popular in Greenwich Village back then.
Therefore, hearing this song again brought back a TON of great memories for me.
Suddenly, I got a brilliant idea!
I thought, I wonder what would happen if someone listened to this song five times a day for five days in a row?
Would they suddenly become exceedingly MACHO?
And would their body suddenly transform into something more virile, just by repeatedly hearing the words… “Macho, macho man…I want to be a macho man?”
So I put it to a test.
And here’s what happened
I adore ladybugs.
I think they’re the most precious and sweetest-looking little beetle.
Cute! Cute! Cute!
To me, a ladybug always looks so happy and joyful as they fly around; filling the atmosphere with their vibrant and festive polka dotted wings.
And their happiness and joy is contagious.
Admit it, what do you do when you first see a ladybug?
You SMILE.
And I find it the most magical experience to have a ladybug gently land on me.
I somehow feel blessed, as if a celestial being has visited me because (and I know this sounds odd but), the experience feels almost spiritual.
Earlier this week I was thinking about ladybugs, and wondering….
“What do you call a male ladybug?”
Well, I did some research online and discovered a bumper crop of information because apparently I’m not the only one who has wondered this.
Here are some humorous answers I found on a ladybug forum, in which people gave their opinions
And after doing more research I discovered that whether it’s female or male, a ladybug is called a LADYBUG (or Ladybird).
The males are slightly smaller than the females but, other than that…they look very similar.
So I thought to myself, the next time I see a bunch of ladybugs in the park, how will I ever differentiate between the females and males?
Oh wait, on second thought, I’ll know how
I owe my inspiration for this post to my good friend, Jen, over at When Pigs Fly.
So thanks, girl.
X ya!
Last week, Jen shared a very honest and eloquently expressed post about confidence, and how at times we seem to misplace it; wondering where it’s hiding.
I know this feeling all too well because of the various careers I’ve had in my life, which have involved wavering levels of confidence – stage acting, being the most challenging.
It becomes like a vicious cycle because after auditioning time and time again and not getting cast, you start to lose your confidence; questioning….do
I really have talent?
And that in turn causes you to lose your inspiration, so then you’re tempted to just stop auditioning altogether.
I had a lot of hard knocks when I first started in the theater – people telling me that I was a limited actor and could only do certain roles; never giving me the chance to show my ability.
There were many times I wanted throw in the towel and walk away, but something kept pushing me to do it.
If there is one thing I’ve learned from stage acting, which really pertains to anything we do in life, is that confidence must come from within.
We can’t look to the world to validate us because let’s be honest, there are a lot of people in this world who, due to their own insecurities, will never validate us because they don’t want us to “be” confident.
They somehow believe that if we’re confident, it will make them feel less confident.
I would like to bring this post topic to blogging, because most of us can identify with that.
We all blog for different reasons.
Some of us blog as a means of journaling our lives or to practice our writing skills.
Others blog because of a passion they have for a particular topic.
Some of us blog to entertain.
Some of us blog to allow others to think.
And then there are others who blog for all those reasons combined, like myself.
Blogging is not easy because it’s similar to life – it continually moves forward and needs to be updated - so it’s not always effortless to come up with something to share on the days that we blog.
There inevitably comes a time when we feel dry, unmotivated and uninspired, which can cause us to lose confidence.
And this is where my training in the theater helps me.
You see in the theater, whether there were times on a particular night when I felt uninspired and less confident to perform, it didn’t matter, because the show MUST go on.
So I had to get out there and just do it.
I use to think that as a creative person, I had to wait to be inspired or it wouldn’t be authentic.
But I realized that sometimes I have to push myself to take the first step, so that inspiration can be ignited.
Now I’m not saying that we shouldn’t take occasional breaks from blogging, or take time off to attend personal matters away from the Internet.
But what I am saying is that blogging takes a strong commitment and that we might not always feel like doing it because we go through periods of feeling less inspired.
I myself have gone through this many times.
But it’s ironic because when I made myself do it, sure enough, I discovered a post.
And often times those posts ended up giving me a wonderful feeling of accomplishment; restoring my confidence.
I would like to conclude this post by sharing that whenever you feel uninspired or less than confident about something, try giving yourself a push and do it anyway.
Because the longer you shy away, the harder it becomes to regain your confidence.
It’s kinda like giving birth to a baby and going through labor.
You gotta push sometimes to get to the creation.
Since I’ve been posting photos of my Florida vacation for the past month, I thought it was time I shared some recent images I captured of urban life – or as I like to refer to it - Urbandelphia.
*That’s a new word I just made up.
Don’t you LOVE it?
HA!
Now before I share my photos, I want to share something I found extremely odd but, also utterly amusing.
When I returned to Philly after being in Florida for two weeks and driving a car, I noticed that when I took my first long walk in the city, I forgot how to.
It was the strangest feeling traipsing down Walnut Street on my way to Barnes and Noble because I literally couldn’t get my bearings straight.
And I don’t mean direction bearings, I mean walking bearings.
It was like in the two weeks that I’d been away from a city environment, I forgot how to move.
And for those of you who live in a city, I think you understand what I’m talking about – people in a city move to a different rhythm.
The only way I can describe it would be that I felt as though I was walking through a sea of thick, heavy corn syrup and I couldn’t get my walking momentum in gear.
The city was moving at 65 mph and yet, I was moving at 10.
I must have looked like some crazy drug addict who was coming down from a high, because my legs felt wobbly and I was swaying.
At one point I had to grab onto a street mailbox to stop myself from falling – I kid you not!
Well, as the days progressed, I eventually got my walking bearings back; returning to my normal warp speed.
But isn’t that odd?
Anyway, here are the photos I promised to share.
Please enjoy….
As most of you already know the retailer, Anthropologie, is one of my favorite stores in which to take photos, so these first five images are from there.
Is it just me, or has this ever happened to you while washing your clothes in a public laundry facility?
And isn't it ironic that it only seems happen when someone else is in the laundry room; NEVER when you’re alone.
Actually, this has happened to me quite a few times so I should be used to it by now.
But being someone who claims to be a person who doesn’t get embarrassingly flustered easily, I get VERY flustered when this happens; suddenly becoming a red-faced prude.
It’s almost as if I have a curse of Murphy’s Laundry Law.
“Anything that can go wrong (in a laundry room), will -- at the worst possible moment."
Last weekend I decided to do my laundry on Saturday afternoon, which is very unusual for me because I normally do laundry on Monday mornings since the laundry room seems to be less crowded on weekdays.
However since it’s still summer, the apartment building I live in is pretty quiet right now, as it is predominately occupied with about 65% college students who don’t start moving back in until right before the fall term.
Therefore Saturday, when I went down to the laundry room, I found it delightfully vacant.
I proceeded to do two loads of laundry (one white, one dark), and then went back up to my apartment to do a few other chores.
When I returned to the laundry room I noticed that my next door neighbor was doing her laundry too, so we began to chitchat about how we’ve been spending our summer while waiting for my two loads of laundry to conclude their final spin cycle.
As we were babbling away I saw that both my washers had stopped, so I transferred my clothes from the washer to the dryer.
I successfully got my dark clothes into the dryer without dropping anything, but as I started transferring my WHITE clothes, I felt something fall out of my arms.
Now can someone please tell me that out of ALL the articles of clothing in your laundry, why is this the ONE article that will ALWAYS find a way to break free; falling onto the floor and embarrassing you?
I’m sure you know how it is when you go over to You Tube and make a search for something you want to watch, but then start clicking all the similar topic videos on the sidebar; getting totally distracted and then forgetting why you went there in the first place.
I adore You Tube, but often spend WAY too much time there.
And such as it was earlier this week, when I spent over TWO hours watching various interviews with the legendary, Barbra Streisand.
I could watch and listen to Barbra Streisand read or sing the Philadelphia phone book every day for a month, and never get tired of it.
There is a reason they call certain people stars, and as far as I can tell, Barbra Streisand is the quintessential definition of a star.
She’s one of those people whose talents and presence contain that ‘extra something’ which makes you stop whatever you’re doing to watch and hear her.
Even if you’re someone who doesn’t care much for Barbra, you have to admit….she’s
one-of-a-kind.
I started my love affair with Streisand back in the early 70’s because my partner at the time WORSHIPED her.
He had every album she ever recorded, watched every movie she ever made, and had posters of her all over our walls.
Our dorm room looked like a sacred shrine dedicated to BARBRA STREISAND.
And this was back before they had VHS tapes, or I’m sure he would have had all her movies playing repeatedly on a LOOP.
Anyway, getting back to my watching these interviews with Barbra…..
What I found interesting is that every person who interviewed her ended up asking the same question.
“Why is it that you have a reputation for being demanding, difficult to work with, and a perfectionist?”
And what I found even more interesting is that in all the interviews I watched, which were spread out over a period of 25 years, she answered the question in the exact same calm manner.
She explained that she sincerely doesn’t enter into a movie or music project with an argumentative attitude; intending on being demanding, difficult to work with, or a perfectionist.
It’s just that she knows intuitively what needs to be done to get the final result; therefore she follows her inner voice and won’t stop until it’s achieved.
She also said that the only mistakes she’s ever made were from not following her intuition, so she’s learned to trust it.
After watching these two hours of interviews, I have to say that I believe what she says.
I don’t think that Barbra Streisand expects these things out of being temperamental or egotistical.
I believe that she does it because she just knows how it’s supposed to be, and has the courage to stand behind her inner voice and say yes or no.
And to tell you the truth, I admire her for that.
If she were a man, no one would question her high expectations.
Also, Barbra Streisand hasn’t relied on Hollywood for many, many years because she has her own movie production company and recording studio.
If she wants to create something she just does it.
And I think that makes a lot of people in the industry green-eyed.
She’s a woman with power.
But it hasn’t all been smooth sailing for Barbra because when she first started out, no one knew what to do with her.
Here was a young Jewish girl from Brooklyn, who had this amazing voice but wasn’t your typical all-American beauty.
The voice and the face didn’t match.
Where did she belong?
