So this weekend I saw some old friends, Alicia and Scott: friends who I love, friends who I’ve been there for in the past in that casual way where you pick them up or drop them off at the airport and who’ve been there for me more recently in a profound way where someone rescues you from completely bottoming out when your life collapses around you.
I was hanging out with them and their extended family and watching little nieces and nephews play and once again I was reminded what a family is supposed to be like.
Not that they don’t annoy each other and push each other’s buttons and provoke strong reactions; rather that they want to be part of each other’s lives, and they care.
I had a similar experience over Christmas this past year, when my friend Chris invited me to his extended family’s get together.
That’s family writ large: a dozen adults or more and probably as many kids, all in the grandparent’s house, eating and laughing and teasing and having a good time.
It was awesome and alien all at once.
I get the same feeling when I’m at Jason and Mary’s with their kids and their dog.
I get the same feeling at Andy and Shannon’s with the twins and Jackie boy.
Yesterday, between having lunch with Alicia and Scott and going back to their parent’s place in MV to hang out, I swung by my old house, my mother’s house, the house where I spent 26 years, four fifths of which was just Mom and me.
It was clear that the buyer was a flipper — someone who buys a ‘distressed’ or simply poorly-maintained property and fixes it up and then re-sells at a profit.
Everything was new.
New door, new windows, new coat of paint.
The tree in the front yard was gone, the bushes were gone, replaced by a flower garden.
No for sale sign, but windows still had labels hanging visible within, probably describing their energy-saver qualities.
No car in the driveway.
Either it hasn’t been re-listed yet, or has just been sold and the new owners just aren’t living there yet.
I wanted to get out of the car and get a closer look, and clearly nobody was home, but I decided that that me being who I am, that act of simple curiosity could be misinterpreted.
So I drove off, went to meet back up with my friends.
I probably won’t ever go back to the old place.
It’s not my house anymore.
I guess in a lot of people’s opinions, it never was.
I’d just be looking at it from the outside, anyway.
I’m sitting in Berkeley Springs, W. Va — America’s first spa — and using free park wifi about twenty feet from ‘George Washington’s Bathtub’, which is basically a hole in the ground lined with rock and full of crystal clear spring water.
I drove myself here in my own car, I ate a roast beef panini for lunch at a local coffee house, I have a paying gig in exactly two hours, I’m sitting in the shade, there’s a cool breeze, and it occurred to me that this is probably the nicest my life has been in at least a year.
Last time we played out here I rode with the band and we stayed over: it was loud in the room and I couldn’t sleep.
I remember going down to the lobby early to catch some wifi, and writing a drabble about dew-covered zombies.
The car: a 93 Saturn.
It belonged to the grandmother of one of my good friends, who (the friend) arranged for me to acquire it when it was replaced.
I get to pay back the expense eventually as I am able.
After being carless for a year — dependent on others to get to gigs, only seeing friends when I can get them to take me to the grocery store — the ability to actually get out of the house, to work, to see people, is one of those ‘you don’t know what you’ve got until it’s gone’ things.
The room: I’m going to have to move again, this time because my roomate — under whose name is the lease — has been asked to vacate, likely because the house is being sold out from under her.
We’re currently looking for something else with the same basic arrangement before the end of August.
What else?
Writing a lot.
I’ve started using prompts from other sites.
It’s fun, and it’s driving traffic to my site.
Haven’t started the novel yet, but soon.
Trying to get a bunch of side projects out of the way first.
Fathers’ Day and Igor Stravinsky’s birthday being on the same day just gobsmacked me.
Was listening to the Rite of Spring (because it’s Stravinsky’s birthday) and had the strongest memory of being in the car with my Dad, and the Rite — which I had never heard before — coming on the radio.
This is maybe my Junior year of High School.
He had picked me up from school, probably after band practice, and had the local classical station on.
I was ensorcelled… I’d never heard anything like it.
We got home before it was over, and I made him leave me in the car with the keys so I wouldn’t miss the ending.
It’s one of two great memories of being in the car with my Dad, associated with music.
« Flash III available
A Little Diagram »
Is There Life On Mars?*
March 25, 2012 by agincourtdb
Apparently there’s probably water.
Every so often someone releases some new data or picture that makes it just a little more likely that there is — at least occasionally — running water on Mars.
I used to say to people, when the subject of the space program came up and someone wondered who would want to make that very long (at low-energy-transfer-orbit speeds) trip, that I would go.
I would go in a hot minute, even if it meant going and staying, not coming back.
That’s never been more true now.
Mars, Ohio, Timbuktu… Jane, get me off this crazy thing.
Anyway, tomorrow I have an appointment with Health and Human Services.
I’ve qualified for a very small amount of public assistance, pending tomorrow’s interview.
I’m hoping there’s some help on the issue of not having ID and not being able to get one because of owing the DMV money, because that’s a fairly significant hurdle in front of getting gainful employment.
Not to mention, being able to lawfully drive, if by some miracle I got access to a car.
One seemingly insurmountable obstacle at a time, David.
Keep your fingers crossed that the interview tomorrow goes well, because I need somebody to throw a rope down into this hole, and considering I don’t really have any family to help, it’s looking like the scary ol’ gummint, or nobody.
I’ve started walking.
Originally I had pulled my dad’s old bike (older than I am) out of the basement and gave it a whirl, but my knees doth protest too much, so walking it is.
I did 3 miles the first day, because I was out of milk.
Walked over to the Village Mall… no chest pains, and my legs did OK.
My feet are still eyeing me reproachfully at every opportunity, though.
I think they may get a restraining order.
Each day since I’ve been more conservative and done just one mile, around the neighborhood here, listening to podcasts as I go.
I make a mile in about a half hour, keeping up a good pace the whole time.
I’m fairly surprised at how little I’ve fallen over and died so far.
An old friend from high school dropped by and gave me a backpack, which will make walking trips to the store easier, if and when I can actually afford to go to the store.
So if you’re reading this, thank you again!
Friday, my friend Andy (the drummer for the Players) took me to the DC Improv to see a comedian named Pablo Francisco.
Who, as it turned out, is not really my cup of tea.
I’m more a Patton and Zach and Sarah and Tig sort of guy.
But it was great seeing Andy and my partner-in-crime Erika and her nuptually intended, Paul (a couple who I’ll put in perspective thusly: one Halloween they went as the witch and hunter, respectively, from L4D.)
It was a great time.
Then, went and saw the Charlie Brown musical Saturday at the Olney Theater.
Really nice seeing (some of) the gang, especially the awesome interns, the Maestro, and Princess Cashmere.
Also met for the first time the lovely wife of a guy I went to high school with.
All in all, a treat.
Also, I actually wrote something.
I fired up the sticky-note app in Windows 7. That’s where I write down story ideas, and one of them actually jumped out at me and said, “ooh, me! me!”
I didn’t even remember having the idea.
I liked it, though, and I wrote it in one sitting, and posted it Friday.
It’s called Equilibrium, and it’s about a couple who wakes up the morning after the world was supposed to end and wonder what they’re supposed to do now.
So, the walking, and the getting out of the house, and actually writing something, and the possibility of some meaningful assistance with my situation, has all combined to vastly improve my mood.
Let’s hope some other disaster doesn’t appear, as they have seemed to always do when I get a little bit ahead.
I’ve been trying to decide over the past several days whether I wanted to write a blog post about this, but I think I kind of have to since everything else in my life is, in practical terms, affected by it.
My mother (80) has been diagnosed with dementia, and is currently in a facility specializing in treating dementia patients.
She’d been failing to pay bills even though she had the money, wasn’t taking care of herself physically, and was having problems remembering things.
It’s come on by inches over years.
I had assumed until recently it was just her getting old, that her mental lapses were just because she’s inactive, unchallenged.
My sister came down from Mass and this past Thursday took her to see a social worker, who had her see a nurse, who put her in the facility for evaluation.
I don’t know if she’ll ever be coming home.
The first doctor’s evaluation recommended her being placed somewhere where there’s staff trained to deal with someone in her condition.
I haven’t talked to her since Friday, though my sister has.
I don’t know what I’d say.
She called me to beg me to come pick her up and take her home, and of course I couldn’t do that even if I wanted to: she’s a ward of the state.
They told us not to visit until after the doctors were done evaluating her because it would make it harder.
So I get to feel guilty about that, too.
So I’ve been cleaning… it’s been therapeutic.
Certain rooms of the house — the dining room, her upstairs computer room, and her bedroom — had gotten significantly hoarder-ey.
I’ve managed to clean the dining and computer rooms.
The number of bags of trash and recyclables I’ve taken out already amazed even me.
The amount of dust I’ve inhaled in the past 3 days would stop a team of horses.
The bedroom is going to be a week-long project.
It’s going to be mostly magazines and books and clothes, but I think I’m going to need to rent/buy a new vacuum to deal with the dust.
My sister, who has been dealing with the legal/medical stuff while I clean, is going back to Mass Wednesday night for Thanksgiving, she has a job and a toddler and other responsibilities.
Coming back in a couple weeks probably.
I’ll be alone in the interim.
I’m not going to go into how all this dovetails with my own life situation, which is profoundly bad also, because I really just need not to think about it, in order to stay functioning and do for my mother what needs to be done day-to-day.
I probably started drinking the stuff habitually when I was 15 or 16.
By senior year I was walking up the street (South Summit Ave in Gaithersburg) from the High School to the Pop Shoppe (remember that place?) to get a six-pack of the stuff every day at lunch (seniors had open lunch).
I know for a fact that there were days  in my college years where I drank a 12-pack in a day.
At the very least I drank 4 to 6 of them a day.
Which no doubt contributed to my enviable physique.
That was sarcasm.
So I’d had a cough for three months.
Have no idea how I got it or what it really is (having no insurance or money or car I can’t really go to the doctor) but it’s been fairly aggressive.
About a month ago I ran out of Dew and couldn’t go to the store for about a week to get more.
I switched to iced tea and grape juice and water.
The cough started to clear up.
When I finally did get some more, the cough came back strong as ever.
So the next time I ran out, I didn’t buy any.
I was maybe going to, but I let Fishygirl — who was kind enough to take me to the grocery store in spite of having four kids to juggle — talk me out of it.
And we all know, if I wanted Mountain Dew, I would get Mountain Dew.
A can of Dew in my hand is as much a part of my persona as the dixie cup in Brodie’s hand.
One of my teachers’ kids used to call me ‘Mountain Dew Man’.
It’s been two weeks or so.
This is probably the proximate cause of my sleep weirdness the past week, because to the extent my sleep schedule is regulated, it’s done with caffeine.
(I’m an insomniac.
I can’t turn off my brain.
I tend to fall asleep only when exhausted, and in spite of myself.)
The coughing is gone completely, though.
I’m also hoping for some incidental weight loss due to the sudden lack of corn syrup in my diet.
We’ll see.
I might be a little pissy as my body adjusts, just to warn everyone: when I quit smoking, I got through the chemical part effortlessly, and I felt great for a month — and then felt like crap for a year after that.
That was mostly about weight gain, though.
I need a new vice.
Any suggestions?
Besides ‘gentleman’s time’, I mean, because I don’t consider that a vice.
So, in the past month or so, about the only good thing going on in my life is writing.
I’ve written four 1000+ stories: “The Appointment”, “Parole”, “There’s An Arrow”, and “The Attraction”.
Of the four, two (“Parole” and “There’s an Arrow”) were written to go onto the blog, and have*, whereas “The Appointment” and “The Attraction” were written to submit to online ‘zines.
So far, “The Attraction” has been submitted to and been refused by three ‘zines, and submitted to a fourth.
“The Appointment”, on the other hand, was written with a specific zine in mind, was submitted to it, and just now I got the email saying they liked it but were passing.
So I think I’m going to put that one in the queue to go up on the blog as well, rather than shop it around to different zines.
I don’t know why, maybe just because I want to make sure I have enough long-form stories to go in the book (yes, I’m doing a third “Flash”, and yes, I know no one will buy it.
I’m doing it for me.)
So far out of five total passes two of them included encouraging language, which is… well, encouraging.
I feel really good about writing right now… I feel like I’ve gotten better, and I feel like I’m developing my own style, which is good.
I’ve been making a point of fleshing out my own universes (The ‘Forsythe’ sf universe, my zombie apocalypse timeline, the sf ‘Association’ universe, and the fantasy ‘eddur’ universe of the folk and their gods) so that I can use them in more long-form stories.
I’ve also been giving a lot of thought to the Mede novel, set in the ‘Forsythe’ universe, about the titular little furry alien on Wanderjahr through a near-future America.
Fairly soon I’m going to start outlining.
And I’m not going to make the mistake of trying to do it as a NaNoWriMo novel again.
I think it’s fairly obvious that a month is not long enough *for me* to write a novel.
Anyway, that’s where I am.
Doctor Who is on tonight.
Back to working on the Choir & Orchestra mixing project.
Feeling a little better about life, even if I may be kidding myself.
Maybe kidding myself is the only way to stay on my feet.
”Parole” will go up today at 2PM.
Is to be free of this onerous obligation that’s run me into the ground.
I want to get in a car and drive and not stop until I see a ‘help wanted’ sign in some small middle-American town, like you could way back when.
I want new people in my life.
I want simple work and a steady paycheck.
I never want to play the trombone again.
I never want to deal with my family again.
I’m tired of my life being ruined by someone who no longer cares about their own.
I’m tired of being lied to and about.
All I want is a little apartment and a laptop to write on and a job I don’t have to think about or worry over when it’s done for the day.
That’s sarcasm, by the way.
I have $20 in my pocket and $12 in the bank, and both of my credit cards are about to go overdue.
There isn’t any food in the house to speak of.
I’ve eaten spaghetti four nights in a row because I had the presence of mind to stock up on spaghetti and sauce the last time I managed to get to the grocery store.
Tonight will be spaghetti night five.
When I woke up this morning that was what I was worried about and obsessing over.
So I go downstairs and my mother asks, “Have you seen Felix?
I can’t find him anywhere.”
I go looking, and find him under her bed.
Dead.
Long enough for rigor to set in but not decayed.
A day at most.
I get him out of there with plastic gloves and get him into a green plastic bag, and take him outside to rest on the porch temporarily.
Then I go back up to the computer to find out if it’s legal to bury a cat in your yard.
I find out that it isn’t.
Oscar, the other cat, meets me at the foot of the stairs.
He looks confused.
I sit down on the floor and call to him but he won’t come.
He was always the more friendly of the two, but even he only lets me pet him through the staircase banister, where he knows I would be able to pick him up and carry him off.
He won’t let me near him now.
So I don’t go to the basement and find my dad’s old spade, I don’t carry the plastic bag with Felix in it into the backyard, and I definitely don’t spend a half hour digging a a grave under a shade tree.
I most certainly don’t place the bag into the grave and fill it in, tramping it down, and marking it with a brick (because all I would have been able to find would have been a brick.)
Because that would have been illegal.
And then I positively don’t cry.
To start climbing up out of my depression regardless of the lack of change in my circumstances.
Partially because rejoining my life (already in progress in most time zones) is really the only way to begin to change my circumstances.
So far it’s working: in the last 48 hours I cleaned, did laundry, vacuumed, answered a couple long-unanswered emails, wrote a 1500-word story for submission to a contest, looked into getting re-insured so I can take over the title & registration to my mother’s car, and went to Denny’s with a (very dear) friend who is being very supportive in spite of the fact that my collapse has been very inconvenient for him.
Love that French Slam.
Tomorrow will be about mixing audio, at least for a while.
Maybe some more writing after.
I’ve been waiting for the horse to learn to sing.
Maybe for years.
There was a bit there where it really seemed like he was clearing his throat, getting ready to break into song, but it all just fizzled out and he went back to idly grazing.
This thing I’m in the middle of all began when I realized the horse was never going to sing, and the King was losing his patience, and the hole was beginning to fill with water.
I’ll spare you all the real-life details because they’re just too varied and embarrassing, but suffice it to say that when I came to this realization I just shut down emotionally and physically, locked myself in my cave, went to bed and — apart from a couple things I really couldn’t get out of and got through using caffeine and faking normalcy — didn’t come out for a couple months.
I fully realize that there are people who would react to problems like the ones I have with determination, and that my flaws are magnifying the situation.
I’m not sure what I can do about that.
Having depression and anxiety aren’t things you can just switch off when you need to.
Believe me when I say I wish I could snap my fingers and be a completely different person.
That would solve a multitude of problems.
Anyway, I’m going to make this public (unlike the post from a month ago where I tried to explain all this, that I hated and made private) not in hopes of eliciting responses, but just so the people who I’ve disappointed or worried by dropping off the face of the Earth since May can maybe begin to understand what I’ve been going through.
I’m trying, guys.
I really am.
But the worst part about all of it is that I’m finding it hard to feel anything about anything anymore.
Maybe that’s a defense mechanism, I dunno.
But there it is.
I guess step one is finding a way to care again.
Okay, I wrote a long (probably at least 500 words and I wasn’t done yet) and wordpress lost it.
So I’m going to try again.
This isn’t a cry for help so much as it is a state-of-the-union.
I’m hoping that putting all this down ‘on paper’ will make me feel at least a little better.
Some of it you may already know if you’re reading this.
A few months ago I felt great: I had finished a fun show with a great group of musicians.
I had done a second book (a selection of stuff from the writing blog) on Createspace and it came out in February.
Then I hunkered down and finished my third CD, “This Earth”.
I got great album art from an old friend (which he kindly did as a favor.)
Because I didn’t have any money to get even 100 printed, I set it up as print-on-demand at Createspace.
Then absolutely nothing happened.
I sold exactly one copy of the CD, and I gave away more copies of the book than I sold (and combined it was less than 10).
I ended up feeling like I’d been pissing into the wind.
I have to make it clear: the only times I have felt happy in my life, felt like I was doing what I should be doing, was when I was making art.
I realize that sentence sounds ridiculous and even pretentious, but nevertheless it’s true.
When the CD was finished I really felt like I had accomplished something, like I was leaving my mark on the world the only way (realistically) I will be able to.
When you know you’ve said the most profound artistic statement of which you’re capable, and all you hear in return is the sound of crickets, it’s horrifically dispiriting.
I did my best, and not only was it not ‘enough’, it wasn’t even enough to be noticed at all.
Why did I bother in the first place?
I wish that first CD had never gotten bought by the label: it was just the universe head-faking me.
Add to this the ongoing financial troubles around here.
Mine have been month-to-month for some time, but I always seemed to squeak by.
My mother, on the other hand, is spiraling downward.
How bad the problem is I don’t really know, because my mother either won’t be honest about what’s going on, or doesn’t really grasp it herself.
The water has been shut off and turned back on three times, the cable multiple times, even the electricity once.
The house was actually in foreclosure at one point and was only saved because my sister bailed (marginally) her out.
It may be back in foreclosure now again for all I know.
I do know that because she stopped paying the insurance on our only vehicle, again without telling me, the registration has been suspended.
I only discovered this by seeing the letters to her from the DMV laying on the table and reading them.
I had to explain to her that it meant she couldn’t legally drive it.
Twice.
I’m not sure she believed me.
So now I can’t drive the car.
It remains unclear whether this is her being unable to pay the bills or whether she simply forgets to because she’s 80 and her filing system is a row of plastic grocery backs on her bedroom floor.
A bedroom that looks about six months from being featured on “Hoarders”.
So the players band had a show last night, Inner Harbor Baltimore.
I got there mad early, because I wanted to beat the traffic.
There was no beating the heat, though: the sun was pounding down on my bald head… so while the other guys were trickling in one by one I went into the mall building (the one with Tir Na Nog) and bought a cream-colored baseball cap at the sports store.
It had a ‘B’ on it, so I was assuming it was ‘B’ for Baltimore.
I went back out, and the guys immediately greeted me with “Why are you wearing a Red Sox hat?” Turns out the ‘B’ on the hat was for ‘Boston’ and I should have paid more attention to the letter’s color (Orioles = Orange.
Red Sox = Red)
So we borrowed some gaff tape from the sound company and covered the ‘B’.
And all was well.
We played a set (which I’m pretty sure I got on flipcam, though I haven’t downloaded the footage yet), went really well.
Kristen’s friend Ben sat in on Tenor since Hulk Mike was working that evening, and he killed it.
About the time we started set two, however, it started to rain.
We got halfway through ‘Chameleon’ and had to quit.
Pretty soon it was coming down like that moment in “Forrest Gump” just before the shooting starts.
I was standing right at the edge of the tent, not realizing that the back of my shirt was getting soaked until I started feeling wetness seeping into my shorts.
Oh well.
So the hat got wet, and the gaff tape left a black ink stain all around the ‘B’ which stands for ‘Boston’.
Side note: my sister and her husband live in Massachusetts, so he’ll probably end up with the thing if only as a souvenir.
After the gig, we spent two hours figuring out parking pass validations.
Except, I parked in a different lot, and ended up having to pay $24 in spite of the sign that said ‘event parking $10′.
Oh well.
After we figured that out, several of us went into Tir Na Nog to eat.
Of course, they have the A/C cranked and I am still soaking wet at this point.
I was still soaking wet by the time we got up to leave and I hugged Angie and Kristen.
I was still soaking wet when we got home.
I don’t know whether it’s he pounding heat before we played or the four hours of being wet and cold after we played, but I’ve spent all of today in bed.
No energy at all.
Fortunately I don’t think I’ve caught a cold or anything, but I just feel completely drained.
We’re playing Lurman tomorrow, so hopefully that goes away.
It can’t help that even though I had a beer when I got home and then took a sleeping pill, I still woke up after about five hours.
Spent the last eight hours just dozing.
Can that end soon, please?
Well, just had the first real-world test of my UPS… I have the router and cable modem plugged into it, because I want to be able to keep the internet when the power goes out.
Power went off for a minute, was sitting here on the laptop, network and internet never dropped.
Yay!
It’s been more than a month since I’ve had more than 4 hours of sleep in a night.
lately I’ve been going to sleep at 4 or 5 and waking up at 9 or 9:30.
I have no idea why.
It happens whether I take sleeping pills or not.
It’s robbing my of all my motivation.
It took me four days to recover enough from this past weekend’s recording session just to clean my room.
I haven’t even got my speakers and stuff set back up yet.
Worse still, I have two gigs Saturday and one Sunday.
How wrecked am I going to be on Monday?
I think it may be time to cut out caffeine completely.
I’ve been trying to manage my sleep cycle artificially (caffeine to get up, sleeping pills to go down) for more than a decade now, and it’s just not working.
Okay, so, last night after spending about six hours fixing a computer I had what may either be the best idea I ever had, or the silliest idea I ever had.
I created one of them parody twitters… not based on a celebrity or somebody else’s fictional character, but on one of my fictional characters.
But not just any one of my fictional characters… a fire-breathing, man-eating, armor-scaled dragon.
It was just Aimee, a bass player (her producer) and a piano player/keyboardist.
The bassist and keyboardist took turns doubling on what looked like a 49-key stage Rhodes or Whirly, not sure, with a moog on top of it, stage left.
They had another keyboard/laptop setup over stage right by the piano that had backing tracks for a couple tunes on it, but unfortunately those tracks didn’t mesh well with the live balance.
The pianist also used the keyboard for string/mellotron patches and the like.
Aimee was in great voice and in a good mood — or she was faking it well  — and the banter was funny and charming, especially the bits about the venue doubling as a laundromat, which had several callbacks throughout the evening.
They played an interesting mix of songs, including three new ones.
Two of those were from a possible “Forgotten Arm” musical.
I thought the first of these was “really more of a book number”, to quote a Joss-ism, but the second one was really fantastic, with its metaphor about Vegas and its fake Eiffel Tower.
The standard, well-known tunes sounded fantastic, with intimate three-person arrangements, though some of them were fairly slow.
Another interesting choice was ending the three-song encore with what she described as “the most depressing song” she’d ever written, the gorgeous and melancholy “It’s Not” from “Lost In Space,” which is one of my favorites.
I thought it was ballsy to end like that.
Another interesting thing was the age of the attendees… it was a fairly old audience.
There were a few thirty-somethings, but mostly 40s and 50s.
Absolutely no young hipsters that I saw; I found that odd.
Anyway, a great time.
My old and cherished friend Karina came with me (she even drove) and it’s always nice spending time with her.
I stayed in this house to be with my mother after my father died (when I was 22) because she couldn’t be alone.
I always figured that she would get better, that she wouldn’t need me and eventually I’d be able to move on like a normal person, but it never happened.
If anything she got slowly and steadily worse.
My sister, when I can get her attention, seems to think mom’s situation is a far-away annoyance to which she has no responsibility or obligation.
In addition to all this, I have a big project I’m supposed to be working on for a friend, for which I’ve done a lot of work and spent some money out-of-pocket, during which my desktop computer got broken (and is still broken), and for which I have yet to be paid anything.
I find myself laying in bed and realizing I should be working on it but I just feel an immense and irrational sense of dread.
To say nothing of my dental problems, about which I will spare you the details except to say that relatively soon I won’t be able to play the trombone anymore.
It’s already gotten significantly harder.
I don’t know when amidst all of this I started to break down, it may have been a little at a time.
I’ve been depressed before, but I don’t think ever this bad or ever for this long.
I go days without getting dressed because I have nowhere to go and no way to get there if I did.
I lay in my bed and turn off the ringer on my phone.
I stare at Facebook and Twitter.
I have no energy or motivation of any kind, probably because I seemingly have no way to apply it that would improve anything for myself or my mother.
I wish I could just walk away from my life, start over, make different decisions with whatever time I have left; of course I can’t.
I feel like I’m already tied to the post and it’s just a matter of waiting for the volley with whatever tiny shred of dignity I have left.
A very good and dear old friend of mine, Karina Gomez, has just lost her home to a fire this past Tuesday.
Someone has set up a website at www.burningpiano.com for people to read the story, see the pictures and video, and if possible make donations to help her recover from this event.
First to catch up: Annie closed the 16th, so I’ve been clear of it for a week and a half.
As soon as we were out I went into one of my sleep-disorder-fueled fugues of  insomnia and random catatonia.
But I’m feeling much better now /John Astin voice.
But I miss seeing everyone.
So the new book is out as you can see from the previous entry.
I’m very pleased with it, even if I found, like, five little mistakes in it after I ordered twenty copies.
But they’re little things.
I’m just gonna leave it, so that I can move on to working on finishing the third CD/album.
Wish me luck.
Anyhow, it snowed.
We got about 10 inches here.
It took 3 hours to clear the walk, driveway, and sidewalk in front of the house.
Felt pretty good, though, managed it by myself without help; I just paced myself, and took frequent breaks.
Click through to see the picture gallery.
So Flash II is available for sale, both at Createspace.com and at Amazon.com.
I’m going to go ahead and give all the links to both books right now:
Now, I get a bigger cut if you order through createspace, but hey, if you have an Amazon gift card or need something to put you into free shipping territory, feel free to buy from Amazon.
My Amazon ‘author’ page.
It took 11 hours of work to put it together and format it.
I used Open Office Writer again, and simply pulled the stories right off the blogs, choosing which ones I wanted to go in the book as I went.
One of these days, I will learn to create a default style (with font, font size, line & para spacing, etc.) before I’ve started importing stuff.
But playing with the Cover Creator is always fun.
Anyway, so I finally got through it and got it all submitted to Createspace.
There are some new settings that allow you to make your book available to independent bookstores and libraries and stuff, so I not only set those for the new one, I went back and set them for the old one, Flash.
While I was there I reduced the price of Flash to $10.
Since the new one is 150+ pages, I’ll leave it at $12.
So while they take their ‘up to 48 hours’ to make sure Flash II won’t make their presses explode, I will be biting my fingernails waiting for the precise moment when I can order the ‘review’ copy.
I hate this part.
So, everything looks and smells nice and clean in Casa Blackstone.
I hope it stays that way.
All of this stands in stark contrast to my mother’s master bedroom, which looks like an episode of ‘Hoarders’.
Oh, and I washed all my clothes while I was at it.
The only thing I have failed to accomplish was getting 8×10 photo-quality printer paper so that I can print out and frame a picture my sister sent of my niece (my mother’s only grandchild so far) for her as a Christmas present.
Looked 3 places so far.
I may have to find a Staples or an Office Max or whatever.
Grr.
Still playing “Annie” at Olney Theater Center, and having a lot of fun.
Two of the kids I babysit are in it (and are doing awesome!) and I’ve gotten to hang with some old friends and make some new ones.
I officially borked NaNoWriMo.
I think I would have succeeded had I not been playing the show.
That’s life.
I have been writing steadily since, though, so that’s good.
Finished a new 1000 word story the other day, and I want to finish another one (an idea I’ve been nursing for a while) before New Years so I can put it in Flash 2 (you know, the sequel to Flash).
There’ll be more on this in the new year, when I’ve had time to format the book and get it up on Createspace.
Went outside to view the lunar eclipse.
It was cool: the moon was a dark creme color.
Maybe a hint of cinnamon.
I wished I had a scope, or at least a camera with a telephoto lens (which, believe me, I already have a Canon t2i on my ‘blue sky’ wish list, but it probably won’t happen.)
Of course, none of my neighbors were out.
Not a one.
Ever feel like you’re surrounded by mundanes?
Yes, I said ‘mundanes’ and not ‘muggles’.
Some of us are OG light fantasy readers.
Anyway, glad I stayed up, and my PJs did a great job protecting me from the elements (thank you, inventor of fleece) and now I’m ready to go to bed.
Also achieved a new high score in the first level of Chime.
13.6 million, over 400%, well into round 5. On the same day of the Lunar Eclipse and the Winter Solstice.
Coincidence??
Of course its a coincidence.
I mean, come on.
Next you’ll be trying to stand an egg on its end.
Annie is more than halfway complete, even if you take the extensions into account.
I’ve suffered my inevitable and obligatory getting-in-and-out-of-the-pit head wound, happened this weekend.
It was a doozy, had to take a minute.
Even bled.
Nice spectacular scar now.
Xmas concert at Youstra’s church went very well, very happy about that, always a good time.
Sister, her husband, and my niece (!!) are finally coming down from Mass a couple days after Xmas.
I get to see my niece (!!) for the first time.
Will be spending most of Xmas day preparing for that.
And by preparing I mean cleaning damn near everything I see.
Slightly older kid friend of the kids I’m babysitting comes by to borrow a DVD.
It’s dark out — and she’d mentioned there having been a strange man on her way over — so I ask her to call when she gets home so we’ll know she got home safe.
She says, “it’s ok, I’ve got Jesus with me.”
I’m like, “Okay, but still…” and trail off because I’m trying to think of a way to explain why that’s not really germane without being improperly dismissive of her beliefs.
I mean, she’s not my kid, and I’m aware of the fact that her parents are highly religious, and I’d never overstep that particular boundary even when in loco parentis.
But she lets me off the hook by saying, “Okay, I’ll call anyhow,” and goes.
And she does call, so all is well.
I’m just left scratching my head.
Maybe some of my church-going friends can explain this one to me.
I think I will be going to bed early tonight.
Just feel drained.
I can’t figure out whether I’m sick or not.
I keep waking up with a sore throat but I think it’s just because the air in my house is so dry: it goes away within an hour, after I’ve showered and had something to drink.
Going to set the humidifier on high tonight and see if that does any good.
I didn’t take any medicine, and didn’t really feel any worse.
I just have absolutely no energy whatsoever.
Anyway, I know I owe a long post about my NaNoWriMo crash-and-burn, and also the show, etc., but I just haven’t been in the mood.
It’s amazing how fragile that impulse is, for me I think more than most really creative people I know.
A lot of them can work consistently, can will it to happen, can even schedule it… I’ve just never been able to do that.
I work when the planets align (I mean that metaphorically of course) and my brain decides to spark that elusive pilot light; and they’re not and it’s not, I don’t.
This month with NaNoWriMo, I started out very strong, was ahead into week three, but then two things happened: 1) the show started in earnest (we’re in the second week of shows now) and 2) I have been unable to escape consistent reminders of the situation with my mother, a situation I can do absolutely nothing about.
The latest of these occurred just this afternoon, and though it would probably seem to most people like a very small and petty thing, it is the latest in a million small, petty things that have recently been accompanied by bigger, very disturbing things.
sigh.
It’s probably magnified unnecessarily by all the status updates from all my friends on Facebook about how wonderful and successful their Thanksgivings were and how they were surrounded by family and friends.
And beer.
And actual turkey instead of sliced chicken ten days past it’s ‘sell by’ date.
I don’t know, maybe I’ll feel better in a couple days.
Being at the theater always makes me feel better.
So we’re into performances of Annie at Olney Theater Center, and I’m actually feeling in better shape chops-wise than usual.
It helps that it’s not all that hard a show.
But I hadn’t had that long a break from the last of the Players gigs before we started rehearsals for this, so I hadn’t forgotten which end of the horn to blow in yet.
Most of us know each other fairly well in the pit, Chris, Craig, Mike  and I have played about the last three shows together, and Patrick the reed player has subbed in often so we know him.
The violinist — young Patricia — is new, but is very nice, is an excellent player and fits right into our madcap antics.
(You may think I’m exaggerating when I say ‘madcap antics’ but, oh, you would ever so wrong.)
Plus I am reunited with the awesome Donna, who is an intern and does something called Dramaturgy which to me sounds painful.
We’ve had three audiences so far and it’s gone very well.
Some sound issues (always are) and it’s always great to be waiting on a dog for a cue.
Apparently we’re already extended three weeks due to awesome ticket sales.
The kids are adorable and so are the two dogs, who I want to steal and take home.
I won’t, though, don’t worry.
I promise.
No, really.
It is getting in the way of NaNoWriMo though… I’m about to fall behind.
I hope to get some writing in this weekend, between and after shows.
I’ll be writing for a few hours now, also.
Let’s hope I can get this thing in the can by the end of the month.
I’m at 16,009 words; which is pretty excellent.
The first big event has occurred and all is chaos for our heroes, and it’s beginning to feel like a real novel where things happen and lead to other things that happen and characters have arcs and other good things.
Plus there’s been some (offscreen) hot sex.
Here’s the issue.
I know how the book ends (it came to me in a flash last night.
I was so excited.)
and I know what happened before the book started (also came in a flash, as I was thinking about how to tie the secondary plot into the main one.)
What I don’t know is: how to get from where I am now to the endgame; I don’t know what happens in between.
There are details I’m missing.
I have a general idea for a whole “follow the money” thing that should serve well, but once they start doing that, in theory, the whole thing should fall into place relatively quickly and I need that not to happen too early.
I know where they’re going physically, but I don’t know when, or what specifically motivates it.
I think I’m locked in to where the endgame takes place (Mars and the Alien Interstellar Passenger Liner) but I really think I need an intermediate location.
Maybe they track the bad guy to Russia?
Maybe he’s bought — and given a new coat of paint to — the rusted skeleton of Baikonur?
Hey, that’s not a bad idea.
I know, gentle reader: none of this is making sense.
And, I am beginning to feel the stress.
The naked girl on my desktop wallpaper is looking at me in disgust as if to say, “My tattoos and I feel that you are teetering on the brink of failure.
Please have an idea or I am putting my gear back on and going back into the internets from whence I came.”
I will, darling, just give me a day or so.
Well, I’m at 7136 words, and nothing has really happened yet.
Though, I’ve set some stuff up.
I haven’t been writing a lot of description.
It’s all dialogue and a little bit of exposition.
But I’m about to come to the first real significant plot point… Sandrine’s death.
I feel guilty about killing her off, because she’s so nice, but at least she’s going to get to have some good sex first.
Girl on girl, no less.
But alas, it’ll be offscreen (the novel is told from the perspective of our man Forsythe, and he’s obviously not in the room.)
At any rate, I’m shooting for at least 9500 words and hopefully 10,000 in the next six hours.
Which shouldn’t be a problem because I know what happens now at there will be a lot of action and dialogue and exposition too.
Wish me luck.
Started on the Windows Beta of Scrivener, which showed (shows?) a lot of promise, except when I was almost done it inexplicably lost several paragraphs.
I have no idea how.
I immediately panicked and cut-and-pasted over into Open Office Writer and I’m going to play it safe (On a previous NaNoWriMo attempt, I lost a considerable amount of text to a thumb drive failure.)
I suppose it was silly to try to do it  in a beta regardless of how promising the software looks.
Babysitting at 2 tomorrow (today).
Plan to write some more then.
So 2141 words will probably not be my total for the day.
I am making the following promise to myself: while I will try to meet a regular daily wordcount goal, I will not obsess over it.
That sort of thing has ended badly in previous attempts.
I know that halfway through the month I start a show and my time to work on this will shrink considerably.
I know that I will have bad days.
I’m going to finish this novel, even if it’s not finished in time for the end of NaNoWriMo.
Even if it’s not even at 50k words at the end of NaNoWriMo.
Hey, does anyone else hear inspirational music?
I don’t think I’m going to make another run at the previous novel (Downward To The Waters), which I’ve tried twice already and crashed and burned both times, mostly due to time issues and illness.
I have it in my head to do a ‘Forsythe’ novel, but I’d have to figure out a plot.
In six days.
And I’m only doing it at all if I can finish my third (music) album before it starts.
I only have one long piece left to do, and I’m pretty sure I know what I’m going to do, it’s just a matter of sitting down and doing it.
Which I didn’t do last night when I had time.
I really do want to do it.
A really good friend (actually, more than one) is doing it, and it’ll be good to share the experience.
I saw Eighth Blackbird play the Double Sextet (at the Kennedy Center) on their “Strange Imaginary Animals” tour.
You may remember my blogging about it.
I was blown away by their musicianship and immediately bought all their CDs, and as a huge Reich fan, have been waiting more or less patiently for this one to come out as well.
The recording of “Double Sextet” is flawless.
The performance is every bit as energetic, lively, and driving as the live show I saw.
The piece itself shows a definite evolution of Reich’s compositional style.
The harmonic rhythm is at times very quick, far quicker than in “Music for 18″ or earlier Reich pieces, and it also goes places Reich never used to go.
In some sections there are even two different simultaneous and clashing tonalities between the sextets.
I found it very effective and interesting.
The finale is also quite satisfying, perhaps the most satisfying of all his pieces.
I find myself starting part III about halfway through (with the piano coming in at 3:22) just to listen to it end.
The recording of 2×5, I think, suffers mildly on a couple of points.
One, the recording is *very* dry, which to my ears gives it a lifeless quality that it never quite overcomes.
I think it’s mostly the drum set being completely dry that bothers me  — I do hear some of what might be amp reverb on the guitars.
In addition — and it may just seem this way being on the same disc as the far more exacting 8BB performance — the execution is just not quite satisfactory, mostly in terms of timing.
As a result it never quite seems to achieve that effortless ‘groove’ that one really wants to hear in a Reich piece.
Bear in mind, I’m talking about a very slight distinction that may be somewhat subjective.
In fact, on a third listening I found myself growing more forgiving as the piece itself grew on me.
At any rate, this is the recording to beat for both pieces, obviously, and at least in the case of the Double Sextet, I don’t see that ever happening.
Had two gigs with the Players Band this weekend.
Both my mixers are fubar.
Fortunately the band owns one, an old Mackie CFX-16, which we can use for the remainder of our gigs this summer; it’s just that it only has 12 mono channels so miking everything will be a kludge.
Apparently I’ve become prone to losing things.
At some point on Friday I misplaced my Driver’s License.
The little windowed slot in my wallet has failed and the window is loose and so it must have fallen out somewhere while I was either changing it from one pair of pants to another or while I was out and paying for something.
If it’s the former, I’ll run across it on the floor here at some point.
If it’s the latter… well, I just hope someone finds it and is nice enough to mail it back.
There’s a couple places I can go check to see if it was found, going to do that today.
Then, on Saturday, I changed clothes after loadin for the wedding.
Which I forgot I had done at the end of the night, and so I left one complete change of clothes at the venue.
Including my neato white sneakers with dragons on them.
So I’m gonna have to call them and see if they’re still there.
They probably are, because they were left in the office.
Them on Sunday, I set up the Flipcam and recorded the second two sets of our Bay Cafe gig.
But at the end I was so tired and out of it from heat and dehydration and not having eaten anything, I completely forgot it until I was done loading my car.
I walked back to where it had been set up (and taped down) and the tape was there but no camera.
I asked at the door, at the inside bar and the outside bar, but no luck.
Dejected, I was walking back to the car, having mentally written it off, when one of the very cool bouncers (who was apparently walking a friend to their car) asks me if I’m with the band and if I’d lost a camera.
He had it in his pocket, having thought we’d left it, just hadn’t gotten a chance to run inside and put it in lost and found yet.
So, thanks to that dude I’m not down a second camera (I dropped and broke the first one).
The license is just dumb luck, but the other stuff is about my brain shutting down when I’m hot and tired.
I need to start taking that into consideration.
Checklists, maybe?
Anyhow, I cartooned about it over on my Tumblr.
The tumblr will be used for what, in the newsgroup days, would have been referred to as “binaries”.
I.e., small media files and images.
I’ll also put up there anything bloggy that’s too big for twitter and yet too small for this blog.
Quotes (since it has a built-in quotes functionality) also.
I know, I know: I haven’t blogged in forever.
I’ll spare you the excuses.
The mixer that I bought has turned out to be a piece of crap.
And it was bought “as is, no returns”.
Friday I couldn’t get any sound out of anything using a mic pre for an half an hour.
This after sitting in traffic for a half hour because of Ft.
McHenry Tunnel backups.
So, even after it miraculously started working again (it may have been the BNC lamp I had plugged in that was shorting something, because soon after unplugging that, it started working right again) I was still setting up when we had to start playing.
Stressful.
It’s a shame: if that mixer had been all good, it would have simplified recording a lot.
Good thing I only blew $400 on it.
*facepalm*.
The good news is I got what promises to be a good multitrack recording of the Players Band gig at Lurman, which, if the Flip videos now up on my Youtube are any indication, we played really well at.
I’ll be getting to mixing that soon.
Maybe we can release a “Live At Lurman” downloadable album.
What else? Taking a break from the podcast.
I usually do it on the weekends and the past couple weekends have been a little busy, with little time to plan the thing out much less record it.
But I’m not quitting, I will come back to it next week or the week after.
My sister and her husband may be coming down for a visit and bringing their brand new baby (my niece [squee!])  along with them.
I have been steadily cleaning.
Both bathrooms (and floors), the kitchen (counters, floors) are done.
All that’s left is general vacuuming (the whole house, basically) and continuing the pine-sol treatment on the stretch of vinyl floor between the kitchen and the downstairs bathroom/front door area.
Before I do that floor I have to take a bunch of crap to the dump because that bunch of crap is covering that floor.
Yeah.
Sigh.
I’m obsessively playing Gratuitous Space Battles.
And you should too because it’s AWESOME.
But buy it through Steam.
Is that it?
Yeah, pretty much.
Bazen Band at Laporta’s is ending, unfortunately.
It was fun being back together after so long.
I was getting excited about writing some big band charts.
I’ll miss it.
Not much more to say about that.
I’ll leave you with the video of me singing Sledgehammer at Lurman.
You can’t see me because someone bumped the camera (again).
I’ve been writing lots, though; it’s just that it’s all fiction so it’s going up on the other blog.
Hot summer is hot.
We’ve had like nine straight days of 90F+ on the thermometer.
At least the clog in our AC condensation pump pipe has been taken care of, so I don’t have to change the bucket ever six hours anymore.
Got two books and a new copy of Freelancer from Amazon a couple weeks ago.
Haven’t made much of a dent in the books, but I’ve played the hell out of Freelancer.
One of my all-time favorite games.
Hours and hours of entertainment… it’s a huge world to explore with lots of interesting places to land and lots of factions to balance one’s ‘rep’ with.
Right now I have six enemies, but they’re mostly concentrated in Rheinland space so I can avoid them.
My ship, shields and weaponry are maxed out, I’m more than a match for anything in the game, so now I get to do some worry-free exploring and poke into dark corners and see what I stir up.
Started a new big band chart.
We’ll see how that goes.
It’s been a while.
I’m knackered, going to bed.
Let’s keep in mind the lesson he’s talking about is this: that it’s wrong to beat people up, and it’s wrong and cowardly to beat up someone weaker than you.
Let’s also keep in mind that most of us learned that lesson before we were ten.
“No hitting!” is something you say all the time to young children if you’re responsible for them for any amount of time.
You say it a lot, and then you say it some more, and then when they’re old enough you explain why it’s wrong, and sooner or later it sinks in.
In most people, anyway.
How Chris Brown missed out on that is something only he and his parents can answer.
The crux of why that tweet infuriated me is this: why, Chris Brown, did a woman have to get beat up for you to learn this lesson?
Why is it her job to take that physical abuse just to switch on your empathy?
Now, the above is assuming two things: one, that his tweet isn’t total bullshit, which I suspect it is… I don’t believe for a second that, even in that moment, Chris Brown didn’t know he was doing was wrong.
I think he knew it was wrong and chose to do it anyway.
And two, that his tweet isn’t just something some PR flack told him to say so as to put as positive a spin he can on the unspinnable; so as to convert the issue from his having done something unconscionable to one where he’s improving as a person in a way that will lead to his success.
To his success.
Chris Brown, I don’t care about your success, nor should any moral person.
Nobody can pop and lock well enough to wipe away the image of that bruised and swollen face.
I don’t know whether you’re sorry you beat her up, or just sorry that you’re being held up to the opprobrium you so richly deserve.
It’s impossible to know.
If there is any justice in the world any news story about you for the rest of your life will refer to this violent act even as it touts your latest album or tour; perhaps that will be a rare positive side-effect of the sensationalism of modern news reporting.
If you can’t deal with being reminded of what you did, you can seek the relative comfort of obscurity.
Well, I suppose it had to happen eventually: I discovered a Philip K. Dick novel that I didn’t like.
So much so that it took me more than two months (that’s a guess, mind you: it’s been so long that I don’t even remember when I started it) to get through it.
It’s really surprising.
The one I read before this one was “Galactic Pot-Healer” and that was really good, interesting characters, interesting plot, good ending.
“Dr.
Bloodmoney” is such a promising title: but the book is bleak and depressing, the couple interesting characters spend very little time in the foreground, and the ‘happy’ (relatively speaking) ending is unearned.
I don’t even want to talk about it any more, because talking about it would involve thinking about it and I just want to be done with it.
Next is “Now Wait For Last Year” which I am hoping is a return to PKD greatness.
I’ll let you know.
I’m babysitting today, just me and the 3yo boy who is busy watching Little Bear, so I have some time.
I’ve been concentrating a lot on writing fiction.
So much so that I became a little concerned that I was spamming my Facebook feed with drabble posts.
What I’ve done is create a facebook ‘fan’ page, and a dedicated twitter account, for my writing.
So when I post to my Blogger-hosted writing blog, the networkedblogs facebook app automatically pushes the posts both to my facebook ‘fan’ page wall *and* to the @DavidWriting twitter account.
Interested parties can opt in to either stream by subbing to the twitter account or by ‘like’-ing the facebook fan page.
Best part: it’s no longer spamming my Facebook Profile wall feed.
I think it’s all-in-all a good solution.
I just wish I could get that twitter and that page’s status updates synced, but apparently, that’s not possible.
Mmm, my food just got here (from Mary’s on Wisteria in Germantown) and it smells yumtastic.
In sadder news: while setting up for the Pizza Band (a big band gig that used to be at a pizza place but which is now at Laporta’s in Alexandria) last night, I dropped and broke my Flip Ultra HD.
Good news is that it should still be under warranty.
I will be contacting them today or tomorrow at some point, because I love this thing and want it back working.
It’s one of those purchases that I’ve had exactly zero buyers remorse about, and I use it all the time.
Speaking of no buyer’s remorse: used the new mixer on the Players Band gig at White Marsh a few days ago, and it performed spectacularly.
Monitors were a lot louder and easier to control, had no problem with the tape inputs, I was in heaven.
What else? My sister is about 8 months pregnant, and I will be a for-real uncle soon.
They live in Lowell, Mass, so it’s not like I’ll get to see the kid all that often, but I’m planning on driving mom up somewhere around the due date and visiting for a bit.
Nice to know the family genes will live on even if I don’t have any kids (and at this rate, folks, let’s face it: it becomes increasingly unlikely.)
All in all, things looking up lately.
Have some cleaning around the house to do (long overdue) and really want to get the 3rd AgincourtDB album finished, but finding no inspiration.
