I guess I either didn't remember what life with a puppy is like, or else my two experiences raising puppies happened when I was young enough not to notice, but I certainly didn't expect it to be what it is.
Nigel is a good dog.
A great dog, actually, but I'm no longer in my twenties as I was when I last lived with a baby dog.
The good news is that at just under 9 weeks old he is both crate and potty trained.
This means he goes into his crate all by himself when he's sleepy and he asks to go out when he needs to do his, well, his business.
He learns quickly; show him something once and he has it.
Of course, there are typical puppy things that try my patience, like waking me up in the morning and chewing on my hair--and my hands are a mess from scratches and nips--but these things will pass in time.
I suppose it won't be until around the 12-week mark that I'll be able to get back to my writing when the spirit moves rather than during puppy nap times.
I've never considered myself a Beatles fan.
Not in the strict sense of the word.
Yes, I had all of their albums and yes, I had their pictures on my walls (I was 12 when they came to America in 1964 and was prime material for the Beatlemania that ensued), but, as I've said many times, I never wanted to marry a Beatle, I wanted to be a Beatle.
In fact, when I went to the Beatles' concert at Dodger Stadium in August of 1966, I was pissed because I couldn't hear the music.
I mean, the sound systems were bad enough in those days, but all the screaming certainly didn't help, especially in so large a venue.
After the passage of many years I've come to recognize the role that each of the Beatles has played in my life, my focus on one of the members of the group affecting my experience in some meaningful way, or echoing whatever it was I was learning.
It wasn't until only recently that I finally came to see how key these four men have been, not as a group, but as individuals.
You'd think that with all the great things happening in my life right now I'd be soaring along, surfing the crest, riding the wave, mixing my metaphors with unbridled abandon.
The truth is, I'm growing increasingly overwhelmed.
This picture says it all: a tsunami crashing on the no-through road of life.
This isn't as serious as it sounds though, so don't worry.
It's just that my project list keeps growing—through every fault of my own—and we're heading into the holiday season.
Who isn't starting to feel a little stress right about now?
It just seems that every little thing on my list must first be prefaced with a number of other little things before I can get to every little thing on my list.
Does that make sense?
The real problem is that I'm unable, or unwilling, to accept the limitations my health places on me (I refuse—refuse—to blame age for anything).
I don't know if I'll ever be able to accept that I can't do a million things at once perfectly well.
In fact, I very nearly deleted that last sentence simply because it has the word "can't" in it.
I'll leave it in to make my point.
Take yesterday.
I awoke with two severe bouts of IBS that felt exactly like the labor I went through having Joel, and with a puppy biting my face.
IBS ruins my day.
It makes me depressed and fatigued, and all I can do is lay around and play on Facebook or watch movies.
Yesterday's sieges were the worst ever.
I have gotten myself a puppy.
A barking, yipping, whining, piddling, pooping puppy... and I love him!
Everyone, meet Nigel the Doxador.
His mother is Ville's Dachshund, Pepper, and his father was a black Labrador.
No, Ville had nothing to do with this.
The event (which must have been a real feat) took place before she got her.
These photos make him look larger than he is for some reason, he's really pretty small, and web research tells me that he'll grow up to be the size of a Cocker Spaniel.
The perfect dog-sized dog!
Nigel has completely moved in with us in only two days (today is day three).
He's terribly intelligent, ridiculously affectionate, and eager to please.
At eight weeks of age he's already learning basic obedience commands: No, Come, Nigel, and Ssh.
And he came to us piddle-pad trained!
We've only had one accident, but that was on his first day when he didn't have a pad nearby.
I haven't had a dog since 2000 when I lost my beloved Fritz, a Yorkie, who was my end-all and be-all for years.
I'm not sure how I'm going to hold up to the first six months, but love will see us through!
Congratulate me.
I finished the rewrites of Books One and Two last night and I finally got back to writing Book Three.
Well, you don't have to congratulate me, really, it's just what one says, isn't it?
But seriously, that's a HUGE load off.
I was more than ready to get this project finished because I don't like doing rewrites.
Who does?
At the same time, though, I kind of enjoy the micro-surgery it demands.
I'm a fool, I guess.
I actually like the mechanics of editing.
I think what I disliked about doing these rewrites is that I was forced to do them when what I really wanted to do was to plough into Book Three.
Now I'll have to get my mojo back for that.
Seems I'm always writing a new book over the autumn and winter holidays.
And life has demanded that I move ahead with this project when what I really want to do is work on Harley & Collette.
It's a good demand though, one that may turn out to be a real step forward to getting Beyond The Bridge out to a larger audience.
Hey, we go where the work is, right?
All the reworking was necessary though.
So much was both excised and added, tightened and refocused.
I think those of you who like this trilogy will really appreciate the results.
Somewhere between the basket bottle Classico chianti last night and the Breakfast Blend coffee this morning, I decided it would be not only decent but also practical of me to change some location names in my Rock trilogy, Beyond The Bridge.
Some of you might not know that I'm currently rewriting Books One and Two (With A Dream and With A Bullet) as well as writing Book Three (With A Song) and will publish the lot in a single volume sometime in early 2013.
That is to say, all three books in one cover.
I've added a lot, cut a few things, and have delved a lot deeper into the characters and their motivations.
In fact, I really should take the current two volumes off line, but that's something that only I need to worry about.
Note to self and all that.
In the course of rewriting it just hasn't sat well with me to expose people who actually live in these places (like the Tuppence house in Notting Hill and Felicity's mews flat in Belgravia) to nosy snooping on the off-chance that the book sells reasonably well.
Chadwicke Park, which is entirely fictional, is still set out on Reynolds Lane in Royal Tunbridge Wells because the plot of acreage I used is really just a pasture, and I don't think the sheep would mind having their picture taken once in a while; I've observed that British livestock are not particularly territorial, sheep especially.
So the new locations are Hilldon Road and Lowell Mews.
Not too dissimilar from the original names, but enough that I won't get sued by someone who might wake up to find graffiti on the front of their home.
Of course, this might be just so much over-optimistic wishful thinking on my part, but if I've learned anything in recent years it's that one can never be too cautious where fans are concerned.
And believe it or not, even I, lowly worm that I am, have fans.
Hey, I was big in Jacarta a few years ago...
For more information (and photos) of the locations in my trilogy, go here.
You'd think that with all the great things happening in my life right now I'd be soaring along, surfing the crest, riding the wave, mixing my metaphors with unbridled abandon.
The truth is, I'm growing increasingly overwhelmed.
This picture says it all: a tsunami crashing on the no-through road of life.
This isn't as serious as it sounds though, so don't worry.
It's just that my project list keeps growing—through every fault of my own—and we're heading into the holiday season.
Who isn't starting to feel a little stress right about now?
It just seems that every little thing on my list must first be prefaced with a number of other little things before I can get to every little thing on my list.
Does that make sense?
The real problem is that I'm unable, or unwilling, to accept the limitations my health places on me (I refuse—refuse—to blame age for anything).
I don't know if I'll ever be able to accept that I can't do a million things at once perfectly well.
In fact, I very nearly deleted that last sentence simply because it has the word "can't" in it.
I'll leave it in to make my point.
Take yesterday.
I awoke with two severe bouts of IBS that felt exactly like the labor I went through having Joel, and with a puppy biting my face.
IBS ruins my day.
It makes me depressed and fatigued, and all I can do is lay around and play on Facebook or watch movies.
Yesterday's sieges were the worst ever.
I won't burden you with more.
Add this to my thyroid issue, degenerative disk disease and, well, you can see why I don't get as many things done in a day as I'd like to.
This is not a sympathy call!
I'm just pissing and moaning about why I'm feeling overwhelmed just now.
But I have a sense of humor and although Nigel is in his early toddler phase, I'm able to laugh through a lot.
The really good news is that I always feel better by evening, so I'm not a total drag when Nettl comes home or when people drop in.
As long as they bring me wine I do well.
In fact wine seems to keep the IBS attacks at bay, so there you go.
I must say that having Nigel as my companion during the day really helps, actually, despite the pee and the poop, and the dangerously sharp puppy teeth.
I didn't go to college until I was 35 because I'd had my first child right out of high school and I was a single parent.
Instead of sitting in classrooms, I sat in factories, shipping rooms, and offices, each in their turn.
When I finally was able to enroll as a music composition major (in 1986), I applied myself with a fervor that worried the people around me and raised no little degree of jealousy in my fellow students.
This application served me well.
It was what caught the attention of Maestro Frank Salazar and got me a post as his assistant with the Ventura County Symphony for six full years, as well as the honor of being his sole (gratis) private pupil for just as long, earning me a masters degree equivalency.
These were amazing opportunities that I refused to waste.
This was Act II in my life's movie.
Act I had been spent teaching myself to read and write music and to promote myself as a performer.
I did pretty well, too, as many of you know.
Act III was different.
It was spent in reclusivity.
Illness, fatigue, and emotional exhaustion forced me to hide out in a small town in Oklahoma where I have slowly healed, loved and am loved, nurtured a marriage and raised a family.
I have now entered Act IV and I'm discovering that certain things in earlier acts were actually the foreshadowing of things that I'm only just now beginning to grasp.
At the end of my last year at school, my piano professor called me forward to perform my final.
I played both a piece by Mozart and a piece of my own.
The last one wasn't actually required, but I was very ill with pneumonia, had a fever, and was barely able to even make it to my finals.
I had in fact missed that last three weeks of classes.
My professor and I had agreed that by composing and playing a piece of my own, I could make up for the time I'd missed.
Because I'd carried a 4.0 GPA, I was certain that I'd do well.
After the performance phase of my final, she asked me (as she had every other student who sat in class that day) to run through a number of technical drills.
No problem.
But then she placed a simple piano piece on the music stand before me.
Nothing difficult, just two parts, treble and bass.
A melody in C major with a basic bass line.
"Play this in the style of Mozart," she instructed.
What's going on, I wondered.
No one else has been asked to do this.
Although my head swam from fever and I felt like I could faint at any moment, I improvised using thirds and horn fifths, trills and a 6/4 deceptive cadence, and adding an Alberti bass in the left hand.
"Now, Bach," she said when I was finished.
That was a bit harder, but I threw in counterpoint, a small fugal passage, and diminuted the B section.
Stuff like that.
She asked me to play it in a couple of other styles, then she sat down on the bench beside me.
"You have your A," she said.
"But let me give you some advice.
Chronic illness is no excuse for not committing yourself fully to your talent.
Don't make excuses—illness IS no excuse."
What the hell is she talking about, I wondered.
I thought she'd confused me with someone else.
I was the promise child, the resident campus Mozart, the terrifying over-achiever.
It was carrying a full load and working two jobs (besides being a single parent and my parents' housekeeper/laundress and cook) that had run my health into the ground.
And hadn't I just jumped through her monkey trick hoops as well as performed the required final?
She didn't have the other students do all that.
I left feeling resentful for having been singled out.
Looking back, I still think she was being grossly unfair, but maybe it was more than that.
Maybe she was seeing something in me that had yet to rear its head: a propensity for making excuses and procrastinating.
Maybe she recognized certain hidden weaknesses in me that would later threaten to stymie and cripple me.
Maybe she saw nothing.
Maybe it was just a bad day.
But, as they say, "out of the mouths of babes".
Or professors as the care may be... Sometimes messages come from the mouths of ordinary people who have no idea they're being used.
In this we are all prophets to some degree—perhaps we just don't know that we're seeing into someone's future, or that at some future date that person will finally find meaning in something we've said.
These days I'm learning to heed everything as a sign.
Just as observing birds clustering together on a power line, and knowing it's going to rain, I'm learning to be careful to consider every seemingly inconsequential thing that confronts me as a possible message because, before I shuffle off of this mortal coil, I want to know that I've given life my best shot, damn it.
I want to know that I left no opportunity unexplored.
So many have been lost already, but every day is a new life and a brand new chance at the life I want.
I may be a late bloomer, but I'm going to bloom even if it kills me.
I'm giving life my 500%—I refuse to spend what time I have left here on my ass with my feet up, my eyes glued to a television.
More and more I'm learning that this isn't the rehearsal, this is the damned production and it's time to be the director, not an extra.
There are certain people I know who have gotten their work noticed where it really counts.
They have written movies, television shows, documentaries—some have even directed and produced.
None of them are 'rich and famous' by the popular standard, but they live where we want to live and are supporting themselves doing what they love to do.
Who better to turn to for advice?
Most of us are just bumbling around, waiting for the Schwab's Pharmacy fairy to discover us, but it rarely happens that way.
I found that out when my music career tanked at the end of Act II.
I'd spent years upon years wondering, what's the key?
What's the secret?
Who do I talk to, meet, or approach?
Is there a formula, a road map that I'm just not getting?
These days the goal isn't to be rich and famous, to buy the eight million dollar house or to walk the red carpet.
All I want is to live in California.
I can't see why I shouldn't be able to make that happen; I was born there after all and have moved back twice already throughout my life.
It is to this goal that I am now dedicated.
I have a TV movie screenplay that I put on the back burner three years ago.
I've taken it out again and will finish it within the next couple of months.
Then I'll find out how to deliver it to the right people.
I have as good a chance as any and more resolve than most.
I believe I need to invest in one of those Magic 8-Balls.
Years ago a friend of mine had one, which she'd named Snodgrass for some reason.
We consulted Snodgrass all the time and "he" was eerily right-on.
Or maybe it just seemed like it.
Those were the days of legal, organic ecstasy after all, and everything made sense in that New-Agey synchronistic sort of way that made up the bulk of the 1980s in my little corner of southern California.
Anyway, I need one.
My writing projects list is huge and I really don't know which project should be addressed and in what order.
The truth is, I like bouncing from one book to another.
It keeps things fresh, but the bad thing is that I have a hard time digging in deep.
If any of you have an 8-Ball, will you ask it a simple question for me?
Just ask, "B, H, or G?"'
Somewhere between the basket bottle Classico chianti last night and the Breakfast Blend coffee this morning, I decided it would be not only decent but also practical of me to change some location names in my Rock trilogy, Beyond The Bridge.
Some of you might not know that I'm currently rewriting Books One and Two (With A Dream and With A Bullet) as well as writing Book Three (With A Song) and will publish the lot in a single volume sometime in early 2013.
That is to say, all three books in one cover.
I've added a lot, cut a few things, and have delved a lot deeper into the characters and their motivations.
In fact, I really should take the current two volumes off line, but that's something that only I need to worry about.
Note to self and all that.
In the course of rewriting it just hasn't sat well with me to expose people who actually live in these places (like the Tuppence house in Notting Hill and Felicity's mews flat in Belgravia) to nosy snooping on the off-chance that the book sells reasonably well.
Chadwicke Park, which is entirely fictional, is still set out on Reynolds Lane in Royal Tunbridge Wells because the plot of acreage I used is really just a pasture, and I don't think the sheep would mind having their picture taken once in a while; I've observed that British livestock are not particularly territorial, sheep especially.
So the new locations are Hilldon Road and Lowell Mews.
Not too dissimilar from the original names, but enough that I won't get sued by someone who might wake up to find graffiti on the front of their home.
Of course, this might be just so much over-optimistic wishful thinking on my part, but if I've learned anything in recent years it's that one can never be too cautious where fans are concerned.
And believe it or not, even I, lowly worm that I am, have fans.
Hey, I was big in Jacarta a few years ago...
Congratulate me.
I finished the rewrites of Books One and Two last night and I finally got back to writing Book Three.
Well, you don't have to congratulate me, really, it's just what one says, isn't it?
But seriously, that's a HUGE load off.
I was more than ready to get this project finished because I don't like doing rewrites.
Who does?
At the same time, though, I kind of enjoy the micro-surgery it demands.
I'm a fool, I guess.
I actually like the mechanics of editing.
I think what I disliked about doing these rewrites is that I was forced to do them when what I really wanted to do was to plough into Book Three.
Now I'll have to get my mojo back for that.
Seems I'm always writing a new book over the autumn and winter holidays.
And life has demanded that I move ahead with this project when what I really want to do is work on Harley & Collette.
It's a good demand though, one that may turn out to be a real step forward to getting Beyond The Bridge out to a larger audience.
Hey, we go where the work is, right?
All the reworking was necessary though.
So much was both excised and added, tightened and refocused.
I think those of you who like this trilogy will really appreciate the results.
I'm not sure how it began, but many years ago my friend Paul and I started writing long, handwritten diary letters to each other.
We'd buy blank books with interesting covers, write in them until they were full and then mail them to each other.
Not really letters, they were more like stream-of-consciousness maps of our inner lives, and they were always fascinating not only to read, but to write as well.
Pages and pages of thoughts, feelings, questions, and observations, this was not light reading.
When I'd receive one in the mail, I'd stop whatever I was doing if I could and dedicate the next few days to it.
We were living on opposite coasts and since this was right before the advent of the Internet, these were an important way of keeping in touch with each other: two aspiring writers baring all without fear of criticism or judgment.
Our only purpose was to write and to share what we wrote with each other.
We didn't try to impress each other; the diary letters were as honest as they were rough because they were never edited and never revised.
What came out came out naked.
What was revealed was revealed unflinchingly.
It took a lot of guts on both our parts, not only to write in this manner, but also to send it knowing we'd never again read what we'd written.
My favorite of his was one he'd kept while visiting Paris in 1990 or '91.
In it he described an afternoon in Les Catacombs in a voice that was at once earthly and haunting.
Most of mine were written at my desk as I sat in the lamplight, a glass of wine at hand and a cloud of smoke from Gitanes circling above my head while Chopin played in the background.
This was my personal Romantic era, when I first dared to set pen to paper with the serious hope of one day becoming a writer.
Following the inspiration of Anaïs Nin and her Louveciennes villa, Victoria magazine, and my own imagination, I created the world I craved while living in a typical California mid-century tract home.
I'd developed a magical garden and decorated the house with cheap antiques, family heirlooms, thrift store treasures, and curiosities I'd received as gifts through the years.
I dressed in silks and velvets and moved gently through my day.
The diary letters became a large part of what made that world so wonderful.
Unfortunately, they were all lost in the Big Dump of 2001—I don't know if Paul still has mine.
I kind of hope not because his to me were so much better than mine were.
I like to imagine his will turn up one day after we're both gone and that he'll become a mysterious legend to some future generation who will be ecstatic to learn that some romance actually survived the concrete and steel nihilism of the 20th century.
I've been keeping journals since 1977; I have two large boxes of them in the attic, in fact.
Things are different these days: I no longer keep a journal as diligently as I once did.
I'm different and my writing is different, thanks in large part to the influence Paul had on on the way I learned to view life around me and to allow my unconscious to drip from my pen.
Through him, I learned to give myself permission, as a writer, to go wherever I need to go and to never restrict or pigeon-hole myself.
If I write humor in the morning, it's perfectly okay to write tragedy in the evening, then philosophy late at night.
For some reason our friendship was always tinged with a hint of angst and confrontation, but we had a curious muse effect on each other.
Without his influence I probably would not have been able to dig so deeply and transfer my thoughts and feelings to paper as I did at that earliest of stages in my development.
Every writer needs someone like this in their life, I think, but it's not something we can look for.
It is a gift—perhaps a karmic entanglement—that seems to be pretty rare.
Sort of a twist on the old, "When the student is ready the teacher will appear" adage.
But the thing is, in this case, each is the student.
Each is the teacher.
I was fortunate to find this relationship with Paul.
It has been about 18 years since the last dairy letter was sent between us; Paul and I went separate ways for a few years, but we have recently gotten back in communication with each other, a little.
Last week, words started coming to me.
Prose, actually—the voice I reserve for my journals—and I began to write.
I am now keeping a new diary letter, which I shall send to him when it's full.
I'm enjoying it so much; I'm connecting with unconscious places in myself that I haven't touched in many years, which affects how I live in the world around me and how I write.
I've missed that dimension, that universe of my own creation.
Will there be more?
I haven't a clue.
I've long since learned that journals are best if they are kept free of expectation.
This is my goal for our garage starting tomorrow, to be accomplished by Sunday evening.
The garage in the photo isn't ours, but it's close enough.
We have a large, corner workbench area, a full, blank wall opposite, a set of steel shelves, and a pull-down ladder that leads to a large attic space that needs to be addressed as well.
But it's not too bad up there.
Boxes are stacked and things are pretty neat, if a little dusty.
Okay, a lot dusty.
I'll be cleaning that first, sweeping, rearranging and making room for more stuff, which should only take about an hour.
Then I'll be on to the real work of putting all the stuff we want to get rid of in the back of the pickup and taking it to various charities around town.
That will be enough for one day, I think.
I'm not 25 anymore after all.
I'm still not used to this pacing myself crap.
I'm used to having more energy than three people half my age (and I still do, most of the time), so having to pace myself isn't easy.
Especially when I know I could still do more but mustn't because of how I'll feel the next day.
That's a cruel punishment simply for having lived to see one's 60s.
But then, if viewed cynically, life is a cruel joke in and of itself.
I mean, what else could it be but a joke when you live so long, learn so much, and just as you're figuring things out you have to leave?
But I don't see this joke as either a reason or a fruit of cynicism, I see it as something utterly hilarious.
You know, that The Grass Is Always Greener Over the Septic Tank kind of hilarious.
The kind that makes you laugh until you cry, and then you laugh again.
Kind of like politics lately.
On Saturday I'll be organizing the rest of the space (because the workbench area is Micah's domain, he's already gotten that organized and tidied) to make room for the SUV.
I refuse to let either Lynette or I scrape another car window when we have a perfectly fine garage.
Then, on Sunday, I'll carry the stuff we want to keep but don't use up into the attic.
That'll be the real trial... up and down the ladder carrying stuff...
After everything's done I'll bomb both the garage and the attic for spiders—and there are many left over from the hot, sticky summer.
I don't mean for this entry to be so boring.
To relieve this, here's a picture of what I'd rather do this weekend.
Something weird and wonderful happened to me almost immediately I left the airport terminal in Santa Barbara last August.
As soon as I steered my rental car out of the lot and turned onto Fairview Avenue toward the coastline, I became instantly Californian again.
In a matter of seconds the past 12 years in Oklahoma were totally erased.
Obliterated.
Everything in me changed instantly, my mindset, my attitude, my sense of place in the universe.
My exile in Oklahoma had had no impact on me except to make me appreciate California more.
It wasn't what I expected to happen.
Since I've been back I find myself waking up every morning thinking, "If I were home today, I'd _____".
Some days I fill that blank with "... go to the Ventura Marina and write in an outdoor cafe," "... take a drive up the coast," or "... have lunch in Summerland."
Today, I'd go to the beach.
One of the more pleasant experiences I had during my trip was simply walking at the water's edge, then sitting in the sand.
I never knew that I loved the cool, crunchy feel of sand sticking to the hems of my wet jeans.
Of my feet and toes being crusty with sand drying and baking from the sun.
I forgot about always having to dust off my feet before getting into my car.
I forgot about the floorboard always having sand in it regardless of how much I brushed and dusted my feet.
The things that I'd once considered to be hassles became delights.
What I once cursed, I now relished.
One year, at the close of the school term at Ventura College, I asked Maestro Salazar where he and his wife Judi were going to spend their summer vacation.
They almost always went to Madrid, where they had an apartment in the same building as their son and his family.
We were walking across the California Street overpass to have dinner at Erik Erikson's on the Ventura pier.
As the 101 traffic whizzed northward below us, he stopped in his tracks, smiling.
"We've decided on a quiet little resort town this year," he said.
"It's absolutely beautiful!
You should vacation there sometime.
It has everything: beautiful weather, stunning beaches, cafes, theatres, concerts.
We can't wait."
"Where is this?"
I asked.
"It's called Ventura."
Last August I finally understood.
I finally vacationed there, which means I finally quit taking my home turf for granted.
Once upon a time I thought of the Central Coast only as a great place to be from, never a place to be.
How this lack of gratitude comes back to haunt me now!
However,to be truly happy, we need to practice the art of Being Here Now, wherever that Here is.
I'm trying so hard to apply that to my current location, but I admit it's hard.
I could list all the reasons why that is, but that would only illustrate my lack of gratitude, which will do nothing to get me back home for good.
I will tell you that the hardest thing is struggling to remain positive when people on all sides practice negativity.
Negative religion, negative politics, negative reactions to these things however well-meaning.
It's quite literally killing my spirit.
What I experienced in California was a break from all that.
My spirit was revived.
Nothing illustrates that more than this photo I took of myself during the last stage of my trip.
I had no idea I looked so happy.
I wasn't trying.
I don't remember the last time I'd felt that good about life, about myself.
I can tell you one thing though.
The next time I'm walking on the beach with wet, sandy feet, I'll make a vow never to leave home again unless I have a return ticket clutched tightly in my hand.
I got a real literary pie in the face this weekend and I didn't like it.
To preface this entry I'll tell you that quality has always been more important to me than accomplishment, whether I'm writing, cooking, or trimming my plants.
I've never worked to get a job over with, but to get it done.
Is there a difference?
Of course there is.
People who work to get the job over with do whatever it takes to get rid of it, to tick it off of their To-Do list, and often the quality of the work doesn't figure into the equation.
People who work to get the job done will work for as long as it takes and do whatever is required to make sure it's done properly.
The former carries an attitude of, "Who cares?
I have better things to do" while the latter's attitude is, "My name's going on this, damn it, so I'm doing it right."
That's why it baffles and irritates me when someone takes on a huge project only to half-ass it about 3/4 of the way through.
Especially when my name is going on it, too.
I don't take kindly to that and it immediately changes my attitude about both the person and their project, and not for the better.
If they don't care, why should I? I'll take my name off of it and let them bask in all their half-assed, apathetic, lazy glory.
Without giving too much away, or revealing the identity of said Half-Ass (no, they'll never see this entry), I'll say only that, if you want me to edit/create the cover of/publish your 700-page novel, you'd better be prepared to follow my advice, cut a lot of redundancies and make the changes I so painstakingly spent months on for you.
But if all you want is some sloppy piece of tripe sandwiched inside an artistically uninteresting cover whose back cover blurb needs as much rewriting as the overall book, then do it yourself.
When you tell me, "I'm not sure that the quality matters all that much," my stomach turns.
Why write it at all if all you want is something that sits on your desk and is never read because the reader can't get past the first page?
The worst part of this pie, though, was that the respect I felt for this writer when they first came to me was slaughtered in the time it took me to read those words: "I'm not sure that the quality matters all that much."
What could have been a great book (and I mean GREAT) has been consigned by the author to a fate of being pointless and inconsequential, all because they were too lazy to get the job done.
I grew up in a small town where everyone knew everyone, even between the different schools.
We were judged by what neighborhood we lived in, if we had a horse or not, and what our dads did for a living.
In a valley of wealthy dairies, sprawling cattle ranches, award-winning equestrian events, and upscale rural homes, my personal background didn't count for much.
My dad was an television repairman; he didn't own the shop, he made the service calls.
He fixed everyone's TVs and all those kids had at one time or another seen him on his knees on their floors, working behind their sets.
We lived in a rental.
I didn't have a horse.
Added to this mix was the fact that I was a redhead.
If you're not aware of the abuse red-haired—or ginger—kids struggle with, just do a little web research.
I also was little: I stood no taller than 5'2" and weighed in around 95 pounds; I suppose it goes without saying that I was pretty flat-chested as well.
And being a fair-skinned girl in "California Girl" country didn't help any, either.
Life got a little easier in high school because many of the kids who'd made my life a living hell didn't have time to mess with me, although they still seemed to enjoy giving me the stare-down, throwing gum at my hair from across the classroom, or laughing at me when I walked past them.
I don't really know why they hated me, actually.
When I look at my pictures back then, I was, well, cuter than I believed I was, in a gamine sort of way.
I in fact believed I was the ugliest mutt on the planet because their nickname for me was, "Beautiful", which of course implied that I wasn't.
That shit hurts.
What they didn't know was that my home life was about as abusive as it gets.
I was lucky though.
I found solace in music early on and by the time I reached the age of 13 I was already writing music and playing piano and guitar.
When I started dating the lead guitarist of one of our favorite bands, they started looking at me differently.
I even started getting invited to birthday, Halloween and pool parties at the "better" homes.
But what made me acknowledge how I held myself back was the occasion of my junior year drama final.
Our teacher, Sherman Black—a wonderfully sensitive, free-thinking man—told us we could do whatever we wanted for our final as long as it was onstage.
Some kids did Shakespeare soliloquies, one guy did a stand-up routine, and some did dramatic scenes with each other.
I decided to put on a little concert.
I got a friend to handle the lights and the curtain, and I decorated the stage á la Donovan and sat on the floor with my guitar, on a Persian rug, surrounded by cushions, incense and flowers.
I dressed the part as well, wearing a kurta shirt, jeans and love beads, and going barefoot.
Very 1968.
I did songs like "Wear Your Love Like Heaven" by Donovan, "Today" by the Jefferson Airplane, something by Bob Dylan and Judy Collins, and even a few of my own.
You could hear a pin drop.
After that, my non-existent popularity took a giant step forward.
The very kids who had made the previous 10 years so miserable told me how cool I was, saying things like, "I never knew you did that.
Wow!" My phone rang with invitations to parties, shopping trips, movies, dances, and dates.
But it was too late for them.
My family was already in the process of moving south to Ventura; a month later I was gone and they never saw my ass again.
Good riddance, I thought as we drove past the high school.
I went on to pursue a musical career, but I still held myself back—the ugly words I'd grown up with both at home and at school still echoed in my head.
The pain eventually drove me into self-medication, promiscuous and self-destructive behavior, and terrible bi-polar episodes.
Finally, in 1980, I sought help.
I just love when a blog jumps out of the shadows and blindsides me when I'm not looking.
While doing some research on Joyce Carole Oates a little while ago, I came across a blog called Because You're a Creative Badass.
The writer is Justine Musk, a woman whose entries stopped me in my tracks and made me read a number of them, then add her to my list of Writerly Links.
I really urge you to check her out.
And look further than the first page.
Do a little scouting.
Click the jump links!
You won't be sorry.
In one her posts she copied part of a conference at which a friend of hers had sat on the panel with Ms. Oates.
I'd like to share some of that with you...
If anything has helped me be a better writer—besides reading and fearlessly plunging headlong into life in all its messiness—it would be blogging.
I've been writing here since 2002.
I've written a lot of good stuff and I've written my share of meaningless shite, but I've written.
I've communicated, or at least I've tried to.
I've paid close attention to feedback.
Knowing that people will be reading what I write almost as soon as I click the Publish button has breathed life into the act of blogging.
It's an entirely different experience than writing something in a notebook and wondering if anyone will ever see it.
Blogging teaches more than the basic Elements of Style, it reveals the writer's voice, what the writer writes about, and how the writer expresses herself or himself.
I tend to enjoy mixing a little philosophy and self-deprecating humor with whatever my subject du jour happens to be.
It's comfortable and it's basically how I express myself in real life anyway.
Sometimes something works and sometimes it doesn't.
Blogging helps to distill all this.
I agree with Ms. Oates.
Writers should blog.
It does so much for the writer and helps to build a readership as well.
So as long as there's a Blogsville, I'll be here.
When thinking about where I wanted to stay while in Solvang, there were really only two choices: The Mirabelle Inn or The Wine Valley Inn & Cottages.
I've stayed at both in the past, but I opted for the latter because the former was booked solid.
This was not a lesser choice, I must add.
It's a quaint, cheerful hotel and the staff are wonderful.
The Wine Vally Inn is arranged like a tiny Danish village, with rooms tucked in hidden staircases and under peaked rooves.
Finding one's room isn't always easy, but it's fun.
There's a working clock tower, crooked chimneys, flower boxes full of Lobelia, Marygolds, Geraniums and Violas, and patinated copper rooves.
I found my room in no time--past the outside fireplace, up the elevator, left, then left again, forward and up a short staircase, angle to the left, then right and up the two steps that comprise the front step with a Scandanavian railing, where a little floor-level cottage window sits beside a hidden door.
Room 311.
Mine was a Queen Suite with a fireplace and an open beam ceiling; it was perfect for my needs, and they had two bottles of local wines waiting for me.
My only complaint was that the internet connection was so slow, it was really pointless to even try to do anything.
"Oh well," thought I. "I'm not here to be on Facebook anyway.
I'm going to go buy some picnic fare to eat while I'm writing tonight!"
I walked around town a little bit (the hotel is on Copenhagen Drive, the main street, and is only a couple of blocks from the 'bustling' center of things).
Solvang is nothing like it was when I was growing up there.
The buildings have gotten older and more authentically European and the newer buildings have been built to further replicate a 19th-century Danish village.
Flowers line the sidewalks and the aroma of pastries and cakes waft from the bakeries, many which I remembered from my childhood and which are now run by the grandchildren of people I went to school with.
The newest additions to the town are the wine tasting rooms and wine bars that seem to be in every other storefront.
The Santa Ynez Valley produces some of the best wines known to man (and woman!), something we'd never dreamed of back in the 1950s and '60s.
One of the best things is that the city has banned all franchises.
You won't find a Ben & Jerrys, a Starbucks, or a McDonalds anywhere within the city limits; all businesses are locally owned and run.
But Solvang has two faces architecturally speaking, and half of one side of the oldest block of Copenhagen Drive looks decidedly Spanish.
That's because when Danish immigrants settled the Valley in 1911, they found the thriving Old Mission Santa Ines already in place on the Rancho San Carlos de Jonata Mexican land grant.
Established a hundred years earlier in 1804 by a Franciscan priest named Father Estévan Tapis, Santa Ines was the third from the last of the Spanish missions built along the Camino Real.
Enough history.
I bought some cheese, Wasa and fruit and went back to the hotel.
Later, I went down to the nightly wine tasting and had a nice chat with the woman who was pouring.
And I discovered the Valley's newest treasure, a dry rosé, which I loved.
She told me it was sold in a certain wine tasting room on Copenhagen Drive; I made a mental note to stop in the next day.
The next morning I set out for a day of revisiting my childhood.
I began, however, with a visit to the Toccata wine room where I bought a bottle of the 2009 Rosato, which I'd liked so much the night before.
After that, I drove up the hill to the corner of Alisal and Laurel to find that the house I'd lived in from 1958 to 1961 was for sale and sat empty.
It was strange parking in the drive, then walking through the gate, which still bears the latch my dad installed so many years ago.
Stranger still was walking around the outside of the house and taking pictures of the empty rooms.
So much abuse had happened in that innocent-looking little house.
For me it had been a literal House Of Incest, and I discovered that I'd left behind some of the most traumatic events of my life: a brother's sexual abuse, a bi-polar mother's physical and emotional abuse, cruelty at the hands of the kids at school, a nervous breakdown at the age of eight... all those ghosts lingered in those small rooms, but instead of being hurt further, I felt cleansed.
It was good to return to the scene of the crime, so to speak, and I assured the memory of that little girl that she'd done alright.
She'd come out of all that pain better for having endured and conquered it, and for having confronted it, better for having forgiven those who had doled out the abuse.
I left feeling a lot of new-found respect for myself.
I left feeling empowered and I left feeling compassion for those who had hurt me, because each and every one of them had helped me invent the person I am today.
They had each only been functioning through their own pain, after all, and it wan't my place to hold grudges.
I even entertained the fantasy of buying the house and living there.
Of course, that wasn't possible, but as I got in my car and drove away, I kind of wished that I could.
On then to happier memories!
I went out to the ranch on Adobe Canyon Road (now Fredensborg Canyon Road), where I'd spent the happiest years of my childhood and had made lifelong friends with the Harris kids, the family of the pastor of our church back then.
What great memories!
The hills were yellow--the perfect kind of dried grass that made for sliding on pieces of cardboard and corrugated tin on late summer afternoons.
My favorite oak tree is still there on our hill.
In fact, not much had changed except for how the land is used these days.
What were once pastures for the cattle are now vineyards.
I have no problem with that.
I'd rather drink wine than eat meat anyway!
I visited other places then, our neighborhood in Santa Ynez where I spent my teen years learning to write music, and I visited the high school.
Heading back to Solvang, I decided to pay a visit to the Old Mission, a place I loved when I was a child.
I wasn't raised a Catholic, but the mission had provided me with much-needed sanctuary from the painful existence my childhood was.
I used to go after school to pray and to talk with Father John, a kindly Franciscan priest who I now figure couldn't have been any older than about 25.
He was so understanding and compassionate.
I hope, if he's still alive, he knows the blessing he was to a little red-haired girl during a time when life wasn't very nice to her.
Besides a tiny interior chapel that is dedicated to female saints, where I knelt praying for my life to turn out okay, my favorite place was the gardens that are protected from the world by adobe walls and the mission itself.
That afternoon I sat beneath a pepper tree for a long time, listening to the fountain and thinking about all I'd experienced in only a few hours.
I was understandably tired both mentally and emotionally, so I went to a sidewalk cafe for lunch, then back to my hotel for a nap.
For the first three days of my trip, I didn't really get the feel of California.
I was staying at a friend's house in Santa Barbara and, outside of a quick outing for dinner one night and another spent in a night club on the Ventura Marina, I pretty much stayed indoors.
I was getting used to being on my own and the freedom the trip offered still felt illusive to me.
What many people don't know about me is that I can be a little reticent about stepping out these days.
I don't know where this started, and I don't like it.
It's a constant, daily struggle to convince myself that I deserve being alive, much less to treat myself to some much-needed, long overdue extended time alone.
Especially when that time costs money.
I've become a bit reclusive and when I have the opportunity to go tits to the wind and embrace whatever my current situation is, I hang back, or else I do it, but feel I'm somehow trespassing on a world that's not really mine.
It's hard for me to explain and even harder to battle.
Never was this more apparent to me than during those two weeks.
Living in Oklahoma, estranged from all that's familiar to me including family ties and a lifetime of memories, has made me feel orphaned and isolated.
I see now that I truly am an expat here, with all the accompanying fear, alienation, and loneliness.
On Sunday August 26, I packed my suitcase in the trunk of my rental car, threw my camera case in the front seat and left for Solvang, the town I grew up in from ages 7 to 17.
It was a beautiful day, the sky that brilliant, deep azure that's so typical of the west coast.
I'd planned to take the San Marcos Pass (Highway 154), a road that goes through the Refugio mountains from Santa Barbara to the Santa Ynez Valley and where, on the western side, there are magnificent vistas of the Pacific Ocean all the way out to the Channel Islands.
When I got to the 101 entrance, though, I decided to take it instead.
The drive is a bit longer, but I didn't want to look down at the ocean, I wanted to be down there with it, and most of the drive follows the coastline until it turns inland at Gaviota Beach.
As soon as I merged onto the highway, KRTH-101 playing Jefferson Airplane's Somebody to Love on the stereo, I knew I'd made the right decision.
I felt free.
I was in a brand new Toyota with a full tank of gas, I had brass in pocket and an open schedule.
The only time constraint I had was the 3:00 check-in time at my hotel in Solvang, but that didin't count.
I could check in anytime I wanted that day or evening.
I set the cruise control, turned up the music and fought the tears of happiness that clouded my eyes.
At Gaviota State Park I turned off the highway and found a tiny road that led from the park entrance up onto the cliff that stands above the ocean.
I didn't know where it went and I didn't care--I had to get some pictures before turning inland and this was my last chance.
Being only a 12-mile drive from Solvang, Gaviota is where we teens went to soak up the rays while listening to the Beach Boys, Jan and Dean, and the Surfaris back in the 1960s.
It's a large, white sand beach in a small harbor protected on both sides by tall, rocky, white cliffs.
It was there my mother held beach parties for my birthday, where we wondered at the magical glow of Red Tide (it actually glows blue--here's a photo of it), and where I had my first vodka snooze (and got a terrible sunburn) with a group of friends when I was 16.
Already, I'd been confronted by more memories than I'd recalled in 12 years and I wondered how many more I'd meet before my vacation was over.
Could my mind hold them all?
I took a lot of pictures before getting back in my car and going back to the 101.
Approaching the Gaviota tunnel, I remembered that my best friend, Cathie, had died in a car accident there in 1973.
I remembered a trip to Goleta I'd made with my friend Ria's family.
They were Chumash Indians and I remembered that her father had pointed out an old, fraying rope ladder that hung suspended on the rock face above.
"That's an Indian ladder," he'd explained.
"It was put there when we were fighting the Spanish."
I tried to see if it was still there, but I couldn't find it.
He also pointed out the yucca plants and told me that wherever you see one, that's where a Chumash died while trying to fight off the white man.
I remembered when the highway was only a two-lane road and how frightening the tunnel was at night before they built the south-bound lanes that now bypass it.
I started to find my memories that day, I found them embedded in the asphalt.
I found them in old oaks that I'd looked at many times 50 years ago and are still there.
I found my memories in the sky, in the sand and in very air that I breathed.
I let my window down to take them all in and I let my wall down, opening myself to whatever my memories would bring me, be that sadness or joy.
Only a couple of days before I left for California, I won this groovy T-shirt from the Anke Blog.
I say won, but actually, it was Mr. Anke's remarkable generosity that got it for me.
He had a contest going for which the 500th person to "Like" his page in Facebook would win a tee of their choice from his blog.
The only condition was that the winner send him a photo of themselves wearing said tee.
After the 500th person had won, Mr. Anke was feeling a bit more generous than usual, and he posted that the first person to reply to his status would also win a tee.
Well, I came in second, but I pulled a pretty good pout I guess, because he told me to pick out one as well!
I was over the moon!
(My argument was that, because my Beyond The Bridge trilogy is set in Tunbridge Wells, I really needed one, and I promised to wear it at my first official book signing.)
When I returned from my trip, the tee was waiting for me and I had this picture taken, sunburn and all.
(You can see other proud RTW T-shirt wearers on his T-Shirt Wall of Fame.)
Mr. and Mrs. Anke occasionally give away free stuff in contests; last autumn she gave away a bottle of her homemade sloe gin.
Unfortunately, hard as I tried, I didn't win that coveted prize.
If you've never checked out either the Anke Blog or its counterpart, Mrs. Anke's Ladybits, you really should do.
They're both loaded with excellent writing, delightful humor, fascinating information, and brilliant photos (Mr. Anke is a fabtastic photographer--check out his photo gallery, The Tunbridge Wells Project, as well as some of the others that are linked in the footer of his blog).
I admit I've grown quite fond of this darling couple and can't wait to meet them when next we go to England.
You really should get to know them, too.
Their's are some of the best blogs out there, and that's no exaggeration.
For the past two days I've really been pouring it on where writing is concerned.
On Monday, I put in a solid 15 hours and yesterday I worked only slightly fewer.
Today promises to follow suit; I haven't even had a cup of coffee and I'm itching to get at it.
This is a good thing, because I have a huge list of writing projects that I need to check off if I want to get us out of Oklahoma and back home to California.
Of course, I know I won't be able to keep at this pace for long but while it lasts, I'm milking it for all it's worth.
On the great news front: I have been invited to be on the board of the Thousand Oaks BandTree group in the capacity of Director of Documentation.
This is great because not only will I be part of something really exciting, fun and historic, I'll also have access to so many great resources that I need to write my California Gold Coast Dreamin' coffee table book, which I'll get to just as soon as Book Three of Beyond The Bridge is finished.
I will also be building and maintaining a static website for BandTree, something I'm really looking forward to.
This thing is growing by leaps and bounds and plans are already being made for BandTree V in 2013.
As soon as that site is live, I'll post a link to it.
Sorry this is short, but you see, I can't wait to get back to writing.
Looking back at my trip, it was all so perfect and fun that it's hard to choose experiences or events that stand out more than the rest, but one that I can truthfully say was a highlight was the evening I met author Jayne Martin.
I admit that I was nervous about meeting her long before I even got to the Santa Ynez Valley, where she lives.
I'd not only read her very enjoyable book, Suitable For Giving back when it was first published, but I'd also found so many similarities between our lives although really, we're not that much alike personally.
Jayne not only has authored this book, she has also written a number of screenplays that have been produced for the Animal Planet and Lifetime networks.
I've been a great admirer of Jayne's for a long time and if you know me at all, you know how nervous and flighty I can come off when I meet someone I respect that much.
I don't make great first impressions anyway because I stammer, forget what I'm trying to say, and fidget.
My ADD makes these meetings very hard because I can't "land" and people think I'm a scatterbrained air head when nothing could be further from the truth.
When I met Jayne I liked her immediately and I kept telling myself, "Breathe.
Drop your shoulders.
Relax.
This is a fun thing!"
But did I listen?
She was calm, collected and very gracious, which helped a great deal.
In fact, she reminded me a bit of my character Elizabeth Hayes (Liz) in Beyond the Bridge and that kind of grace always makes me feel like a Doofus Deluxe.
I'm more the Katy Clarke type you know...
This nervousness on my part was not her fault in any way, of course.
I just can't seem to pull myself together when I encounter the serene elegance that I will never possess.
It's not easy being me.
I come from Vaudevillian song-and-dance comedian stock, but it's all good.
Jayne lives on the top of a mountain in a circular house that has an amazing 180° view of the Valley below.
It's the kind of place I would give my left mam to own, the perfect writer's aerie.
She also has two pets.
Scratch that.
I don't really like the word pets.
She shares her space with two four-legged friends: a big old cat named Mason (sorry I didn't get a photo of him, but he was sleeping and I didn't want to be rude) and Dixie, the sweetest, most loving, tender-spirited little chihuahua I've ever had the pleasure to meet.
Dixie and I took to each other immediately and she sat on my lap for most of the time that Jayne and I shared wine and nibbles.
If I could be assured that any dog of her breed would be exactly like her, I'd get one in a heartbeat!
We talked about our books, life in the Valley, the similarities and dissimilarities of our life experiences, and then we drove down to Santa Ynez to have dinner on the terrace of Trattoria Grappolo, where Jayne had thoughtfully made a reservation.
I'll tell you one thing, when I lived in the Valley we didn't have restaurants like this!
All we had was Wilkes' Drive-In (no longer in business) across from the park and the Bit 'O Denmark.
Well, there was Mattei's Tavern out in Los Olivos, but my family never ate there for some reason.
In fact, my first job was washing dishes at Mattei's, completely under the table because I was only 15. Anyway, both the food and the service at Grappolo were excellent and we spent a lovely evening together.
Because I'd stuffed myself earlier on an avocado and provolone sandwich, all I could manage was an arugula salad topped with a light, tender crab cake.
It was divine!
Jayne had the same, then tucked into a light pasta dish.
We discussed sharing a dessert, but we were full by the time we got to that point.
After dinner we went back up the mountain and sat on her deck admiring the view.
I wanted to stay a little longer (I was finally starting to relax), but I knew I had to navigate the steep, twisting dirt drive in the dark after having a bit of wine, so we bid our farewells.
Those of you not fortunate enough to be able to meet this beautiful lady really need to read her book.
She has been through so much life and has come out the better for it and with her sense of humor in tact, and she has shared her discoveries and wisdom in such a charming, heartfelt way.
In fact, I intend to read it again immediately.
I promise the next time we meet, Jayne, I won't be such a case--Lynette will be with me and she's very adept at holding the string of my balloon!
Actually, I don't know who this young man is, and when he walked in the door, I had to blink and do a double-take.
It wasn't easy getting this surreptitious photo of him, but I'm glad I did!
After 12 years of being pursued by nutters, sickos, and seriously deluded predators, I've decided to make this blog private.
I will do that at 12:00 am Monday morning.
If you would like to remain a reader, send me your email address and I'll add you as a private member.
But before I go indoors, I will have my say:
I've fought the good fight.
I've followed all of the guidelines given on sites like Flayme, CyberGuards, Troll Police, and many, many others, but nothing has worked.
Why?
Because logical solutions have no power over madness.
One cannot have a sane, lucid conversation with a ward full of insane people.
I've always said that I am the one in power here, and you stalkers and trolls (and yes, I'm going to come right out and say it: you cybercunts) really hate that.
I can make you disappear from my life in a few mouse clicks by simply controlling how much of me appears on the Web.
I've never understood your motives, frankly.
What's the point of leaving your accusing, threatening, and malicious comments if they go automatically to the spam file anyway?
What are you getting out of it?
So much ego jacking off?
And for 10-plus years?
Come on.
Time to get a life.
Three of you are in your 50s; how many more years do you think you have left?
Is this really how you want to live the last phase of your earthly existence?
I feel pity for you for, one day, as you're lying on your death bed, you'll look back at all the precious time and energy you've wasted in hate.
When your life flashes before your eyes, you'll be forced to realize that you've accumulated a hell of a lot of bad karma for yourself and that when you return (if you believe in that sort of thing), you'll have to be the prey, hunted and stalked three times over (according to the three-fold law) than what you've inflicted upon me and perhaps other people on the Web.
I want you, at that moment of your last breaths, to mourn your lost happiness and realize that hating reaps it own reward.
In hating, you only prove that it's you whom you actually hate.
In abusing, you only prove that you're self-abusive.
In judging, you only judge those things in others that are too painful to face in yourself.
I'm not making this up.
In psychology it's known as transference.
Take a Psych-101 course.
On whom will you attach all this self-loathing when I'm no longer available to you? Personally, I don't give a rat's ass.
You can wrap your car around a tree for all I care.
The point is, it's your life you'll have to face when the end comes, not mine, and any slight, supposed or otherwise, won't matter in the slightest degree when you're forced to ask yourself how well you spent your precious life force and the tiny bit of time you've had while you were here.
Life really is too short to spend it hating, pursuing, lashing out.
Don't be stupid.
Think about it.
As I said, if you, my wonderful, caring readers, want to continue reading this blog, send me your email by using the form on the Contact page, and I'll add you when I take everything indoors at midnight, Monday morning.
For those who choose not to continue, thank you with all my heart for being part of Incurable Insomniac.
Thank you for your comments and laughs, and for giving so much of yourselves.
Planning, arranging and booking my upcoming trip to California (I'll be waking up in Santa Barbara two weeks from today!) has sort of occupied my mind and is dominating my time.
Everything is arranged though, and I'm really looking forward to it.
As I've said in the past, I haven't been home in 13 years and there are old friends I haven't seen in thrice that.
I'll be leading rather the gypsy life while I'm out there: 3 days in Santa Barbara, 2 days in Solvang, 3 days in Ventura, 3 days in Thousand Oaks, and 2 days between Ventura and Santa Barbara... there's the map to illustrate my trip.
Click to embigiate.
I'll be very busy while I'm out there: visiting friends, going to band gigs, revisiting some of my old stomping grounds and attending BandTree IV, so I've arranged to spend my last two nights at my favorite little inn, which is located on a small cliff right on the Pacific.
After all the hustle and bustle, it'll be healing and restful to sleep with the sound of the surf outside my window, and to spend a couple of days reading, writing and vegetating only 10 feet from the waves.
The extreme drought, the triple-digit heat, the recent prairie fires, health issues, and a number of interpersonal emergencies have made this trip not only welcome, but also necessary; it's been a literal hell here this summer.
I didn't think it could get worse than last year, but I was wrong about that.
It's a dangerous place to live, not only physically, but emotionally and psychically, and my nervous system has taken about all it can handle.
I look forward to this trip as a way to clear my head and to gain a fresh, new perspective about life, thus springboarding me into the next phase.
I'll be posting lots of stories and pictures here, as well as on my California Dreamin' blog and Facebook.
Until then, you probably won't see much of me because I have songs to learn and interviews to write, and only two weeks to do that in.
I'm no genius when it comes to sociology, but I suppose I've learned a few things about life and human nature during my time here.
I mean, you can't really be a character-driven author without taking a few notes along the way.
It seems to me that our society (I won't say 'world' because, having spent a bit of time in the UK and Europe, I can attest that we're more prone to do this here in the States) is growing ever more black/white, good/bad, us/them.
In our defense, it's probably because we're so young as a nation.
Compared to our grey-beard ancestral homelands, we're only about 14 years old and we're making all of the mistakes that teens make as we struggle to find our place in the course of human history.
My point of writing this is not to delve into the political because, as you know, I steer clear of that at all costs.
My point is to share with you something that I've been learning for some time now, and find interesting.
We're always getting asked, "Are you a cat person or a dog person?",
"Are you gay or straight?",
"Do you prefer PC or Mac?", and countless other questions that demand only black and white answers.
I tend to see these things as a continuum—and I despise any kind of labels that only serve to divide us as human beings—so I always reply with the question, "Why must I make a choice?"
The truth is, I like both cats and dogs; would you ask someone if they preferred moose over mountain goats?
The fact that cats and dogs happen to be the most prevalent domesticated animals does not make them anything alike outside of the fact that both are 4-legged mammals, and they've, well, been domesticated.
As for the gay/straight question, it's really no one's business anyway, but I've always seen the sexuality situation as an arc with a lot of degrees between one end and the other.
I guess I fall somewhere around 45 degrees between the two.
I have after all been married and have given birth to two children.
And as far as my preference for computers is concerned, I happen to like both PC and Mac, each for their individual strengths and functionality within those areas of strength.
This enforced side-taking all comes into play in my writing life, of course, as I find myself defending my right to use adverbs and adjectives.
I would no more want to over-use either of them any more than I would want to under-use them.
It's a question of balance and taste, not rules set down by people trying to make concrete (language and writing trends) something that is constantly evolving and changing.
The rules of today will be broken in the future as new rules take their place.
In my advanced old age (lol) I'm learning that there is room for everyone.
If you don't like adverbs, don't use them.
If you do like them, please feel free.
If you prefer Times New Roman to Garamond, then use it.
If you want cream paper instead of white, select it.
It's called style, it's called individuality, and what a boring world of literature it would be if everyone followed all these rules religiously.
I never intend to buy a genuine fur coat, but I demand the right to make that decision for myself, damn it.
I follow this philosophy in every choice our society tries to place on me.
By imposing black/white choices on ourselves, we limit our experience of life, and our capacity for fullness and personal growth.
It sounds a bit trite in today's climate of cynicism, but a house divided is destined to fall.
Let us not impose these immature, divisive restrictions on the arts.
If we do, civilization itself is dangerously threatened.
In a society that is increasingly losing its color and vibrancy, it's important that we remove the mental stays and make our own choices.
And allow others to make theirs.
Only then can we fully enjoy what each and every one of us brings to the table.
Many years ago—26 to be exact—my mentor, Maestro Frank A. Salazar, the founder, director and conductor of the Ventura County Symphony (where I served for six years as his assistant) told me he’d reached a place where he wanted to de-clutter his life.
It’s hard for me to imagine, but he was the age I am now.
Well, I’ve found myself at the same place.
To this end, I feel the need to de-clutter even on the most personal level, that is, with my name.
In 2000, when looking to publish a first-first novel of Mozart’s memoirs, I ran into a lot of flack from publishers, agents, and critics.
"What can a woman know about being a man?" "How can you speak for Mozart?
You’re a woman!"
That kind of thing.
I decided to adopt a nom de plume, a pen name.
Lots of writers have done and still do this, both men and women, so I thought it was a good idea.
Using the name my parents had picked out for me if I’d been born a boy, I took on Stephan Karl Waller.
Then, as I began to make friends online, I began to be called Steph, because it was androgynous.
Well, Stephan Karl hasn’t existed for many years, but Steph stuck.
I was named Sheila Kathryn Waller at my christening, but only the US government and creditors have ever called me Sheila (when I lived in England in the late 70’s my friends over there called me Kate, which I really liked).
But, except for Maestro Salazar who happened to like Sheila, since childhood I was always just Kaye (I added the E when I was 15, thinking it was cool—LOL).
Personally, I don’t like Sheila at all, it just isn’t me.
Anyway, with all the de-clutter I’m going through, I’ve decided to stop introducing myself to new people as Steph.
Instead, I’m returning to Kaye.
Those of you who have only known me as Steph, don’t worry, you can call me that, but all of you who have known me for umpteen years can feel free to address me as Kaye.
Most of you already do.
Most people in Facebook call me SK because that’s what I’ve used in an attempt to make things less complicated.
What I’m saying, basically, is this: call me by whatever name you like, but please, PLEASE, no new nicknames—I have too many as it is now!
Are you totally confused?
You should try living with all this in one lifetime!
You haven't heard from me in a while because I've been in writer mode.
I can't tell you how many hours I've put in—and I count hours, not words—but I know I wrote for a good twelve hours yesterday alone.
This is partly because we've just come through a heat wave that has kept everyone pretty much indoors.
We're seeing a little relief from that now, but, outside of watering my front flower garden and the herb garden on the back step, I'm still intent on staying in to write this week.
I had a breakthrough of sorts yesterday.
Let me try to explain...
I tend to be a compartmentalized person.
I keep my emotions, thoughts, intuitive feelings, and even certain facets of my personality quite separate from each other for the most part.
I suppose I devised this ploy in an effort to stay sane through an abusive childhood, but it really doesn't do anything for me these days, except keep me fragmented as a writer.
I have my fiction voice, my poet voice, my lyrics voice, my personal voice, my technical voice, my business voice, my scholastic voice, and who knows how many others.
Maybe voice isn't the right word though.
By it, I'm referring more to the inner voice from which I write than to the outer voice that actually lands on the paper.
Anyway, lately I've been making a concerted effort to integrate some of those fragments and I think I succeeded in bits and pieces yesterday.
The ones I'm most concerned with are my fiction and poet voices.
I love my poetry.
It's heartfelt without being angsty and personal without being maudlin.
It's a bit edgy.
I've published a few things under a pen name, and I often get much better reception for them than I do my fiction.
Go figure!
Lately, I'm working on creating a new voice, one that will be an amalgam of those two voices, rife with research and humor and deep feelings and insight.
This is my quest.
The problem most of have is that we look at authors we admire and consider them to be "finished" while we always seem to be "unfinished".
The truth is, none of us are, or ever shall be.
A book, story, or poem is only a snapshot of a particular phase in a writer's growth.
In other words, no one arrives.
No one.
We are all traveling on this continuum of development.
That's why we must never compare ourselves to those who might be a little farther along the way than we are.
There will always be those who are a few paces ahead and those who are a few paces behind, but all of us are on the same path.
Last week, my scenery changed just a bit—I'm a tiny step ahead of where I was the week before.
