“The art of life is to show your hand.
There is no diplomacy like candor.
You may lose by it now and then, but it will be a loss well gained if you do.
Nothing is so boring as having to keep up a deception.”
- Anonymous
Where do I start with this guy?
I wouldn't normally say anything at all, and leave the delusional with the comfort of their, well, delusions, but he left me some real shitty feedback.
I will admit the first part wasn't his fault, apart from living in the sticks.
That was his fault.
So I get to Finsbury Park Tube station, the machine will only give out tickets to Peterborough because this is Finsbury Park and no-one cares.
I should have cancelled at that point and gone home, but no.
I wait in the queue for the ticket office for twenty minutes while the guy there lets two customers fill in a form so he can take a break.
Get to Baker Street and there is no tube for 45 minutes.
I walk to Marylebone wondering why I ever bothered returning from the States and meet the only guy in the UK still working for a living - who puts me on the right train.
I get there, he isn't here to meet me and I have to ask around for the pub.
That's where it should have turned into a nice evening with an entertaining transport story to break the ice.
Well, apart from the fact he had a Panama hat and a grey and white stripy blazer and looked like he thought he was in a Graham Greene novel, he seemed OK.
Cleaning his teeth might have been a nice touch, before we met, but he must have been too busy choosing hats.
He starts wanting to kiss me in the pub.
"Oh well" I think, "it's not like I ever have to show up here again."
He'd told me before I set off that he wanted an evening of dining and conversation, perhaps ten minutes fun and frolicks at the end of it, so I had given him something of a discount on his three hours.
He sounded like a bit of a character, might be a cool evening.
I've had plenty of those, with Unlikelier looking guys than this.
But now he is moaning about me being late and what are we going to do for time and I can stay over, at his place all night, if I like.
Kindly meant, that offer, I thought.
Maybe.
But I don't sleep well elsewhere.
I decline.
I can tell he isn't offering any extra.
I said I would be going home later, as arranged.
I'd get a cab if I had to, out of my money seeing as it was me who'd been late, but I was going home.
He carries on about that all night.
This is some dude used to getting his way.
Expecting his way.
He wants his way and I, as a young woman, am supposed to let him have it.
Except I'm not that young or that stupid.
He thinks I'm half his age.
I'm not.
We got to the restaurant, which was a Chinese.
Now you can always tell a classy Chinese as it will not have Sweet and Sour anything on the menu as that's something they invented for foreigners.
This had Sweet and Sour everything, and his food turned up with a stupid sculpture of a seahorse or something, and my supposedly vegetable food was dripping with pork fat.
It was vile.
Now enough minor things had gone wrong that I was beginning to go off this evening entirely.
Had to keep my spirits up for the customer though.
He might have been a nice guy underneath.
Just a question of finding that level in him.
I'm sure every escort knows the feeling.
You are with a naff boorish sort (I mean the dude even told me I was learning the "wrong sort of poker" because I'm learning Texas Hold 'Em and not Five Card Stud), the evening is getting incrementally worse with every passing second, you are trying to find any tiny thing in your companion to like, and being as polite as you can because you don't want to hurt anyone's feelings.
Then he asks for a doggie bag.
'Cos, you know, being a tightwad is such an attractive trait.
In the word's of Julia Roberts "I'm a sure thing", almost, being paid and whatever - but that never stops a guy trying to impress his escort, and I have never, in my life, been on a first date, paid or unpaid, where my companion has asked for a doggie bag.
Besides which he hasn't got a dog.
He has a canary.
I can see the waitress, glancing at me.
I wasn't sure if it was pity or amusement but I catch her eye and she looks away, embarrassed.
I try not to laugh.
She's working in a restaurant, probably a family business, "minimum wage" is but a dream to her because that legislation doesn't cover family businesses (you thought slavery was abolished?
Think again) and I'd have spent the evening back there pot washing for free in a heartbeat, if I could.
But I can't.
I have a job to do.
This evening is getting worse, I can feel it.
I don't know how much worse it is going to get precisely, but, unless he breaks the rules, at the end of it I have to leave him smiling with no clue about my real feelings.
It's called 'customer service'.
Most of the time I have a genuine affection for my clients.
This time I faked it.
We go back to his place.
It is a pub, and this is where it gets interesting, this is where I can actually do something for him.
Years ago I once walked into a failing nightclub.
It was about to go out of business.
I demanded a job - on no wages unless I could turn it around and I turned it into a thriving enterprise inside six weeks.
I fixed everything that was wrong with it.
Never done that before or since, but I did it and I did it very well.
My customer was tasked with something similar, for breweries.
He turned around failing pubs.
And this was his first failure at that.
For once in his life he couldn't get the customers through the door.
"Oh look!" he says, hopefully, on viewing his security cameras from the flat behind the pub "a customer!"
The barmaid is sat there snogging a guy.
Well, I'm thinking, they are certainly pulling out all the stops..
"Oh no" he says, disappointed, "it's just her boyfriend."
He goes and tells her she can have the evening off.
After that he takes me into the place.
From the outside is is an old, old building painted white.
The sort that should have had a thatched roof, and it has big thick walls.
A charming looking traditional country pub.
Then I get inside it.
It's ORANGE.
Man it was so orange.
You can't get any oranger than this place.
There's a big floor to ceiling fireplace that should have had a roaring fire and inglenook seating, but there's a pool table where a stage should be for events, the carpet from hell (and 1973), the wooden bar is orange and from floor to ceiling it's all fucking orange walls.
"Dude.."
"Yeah?"
"It's orange".
"So?"
"Well that's why you aren't getting any customers".
Two years he'd been there, pumped a lot of his own money into the place to turn it around, he said, failed and was now leaving in three weeks, and I'd have sorted that place out with a new carpet, a coat of paint and a relaunch.
Maybe get a music license too.
He looked at me like the thought had never occurred to him.
He wanted to know what was wrong with orange, but I was only booked for three hours.
It seared itself into my brain.
Oh the humanity!
The orange!! EEUURRGGHHH.
You can't do that to people.
You can just about do it in a city bar, with subdued light and that stripy wood they use these days - somewhere uberdesigned and cool.
Bits of orange here or there.
But not in a country pub.
Not with three foot thick walls.
The next day I saw my gentleman friend, Rodger.
I'd dreamed about the place all night.
I've heard of people having a phobia about the colour red, but not of orange.
I'd acquired a real aversion to it now though.
I told him about it all and hid my head in my hands.
He was amused, and a bit concerned.
I went on at some length.
"It's really bothering you this, isn't it?"
"It was orange man!
Orange.
It was orange, the bar was orange and the carpet was from hell.
It was such a lovely place and it was fucking orange.
How could he not notice the place was orange???"
Every time I closed my eyes I saw that carpet and all that orange.
"Never mind" says Rodger, quite amused, "Perhaps in time the memory will fade.
To a sort of burnt umber."
I do love Rodger.
So anyway we retired to the flat behind the pub and I had a drink.
I needed it.
This three hours of chatting and having a relaxing evening with ten minutes fun and frolicks then turned into a whine-fest when he noticed I wasn't wearing stockings, which he noticed straight away as he jumped on me pretty quick.
Still begging and pleading with me to stay the night.
Then he wants to do me up the ass as well.
Oh god.
Is there no end to this man's talents???
I assured him, yet again, that I would be outta there after his three hours were up and I was.
Paid 70 quid in cab fare to do it and it was a bargain.
You do meet them from time to time.
The hopeless cases.
Still, he enjoyed himself, that was the main thing.
It is my job to never ever ever let a poor sod like this know what he is.
I have to make him think he is a constant delight, Love's Young Dream.
Most of my gentlemen friends pay for my time and companionship, a few of them pay to have their delusions shored up.
As he hadn't actually been dangerous I left him nice feedback too.
Called him a "Character".
Rodger correctly assessed that situation as well.
"I read the last feedback" he wrote "and assumed "a real character" was code for "a real tosser".
"
Yup. Got it in one Rodger.
Mr Orange's field report about me said..
"[Icicle] exceeded my expectations (based on no experience) in the most unexpected ways.
She was (in no particular order) considerate; charming; both thoughtful and giggly at the same time; friendly; passionate (both physically and verbally); intelligent; empathetic; knowlegeable; discreet; and totally, totally, charming - such that I am under her spell.
From the first meeting, via the dinner, to the lounge and the bedroom, this was pretty much better than any real girlfriend experience I have ever had.
I didn't want her to leave and she left me with the impression that she didn't want to go.
What more can you ask for?"
"..Lastly, if you are open-minded and receptive, you may learn a lot from this wonderful woman.
I certainly did, and I consider myself pretty knowledgeable and erudite."
OK dude, learn this.
No sane person ever describes themselves as "knowledgeable and erudite".
And "7 out of 10" for venue.
I ask you.
It was a friggin' outcall, dumbass.
But he was obviously lovestruck so I had no idea how to break it to him that I never wanted to see hide nor hair of him again.
But I didn't want to hurt his feelings, and he hadn't actually broken any rules - although he then started phoning and texting at all hours.
He had a sixth sense for when I was with someone.
Not a client has gone by from that day to this who wasn't interrupted by one of his phonecalls.
Many a cam session punctuated by bleeping texts.
Plainly he has boundary issues along with all his other woes.
I tried to put him off, and there is no way I was making that trip again without slashing my wrists, so I reluctantly agreed to an appointment at my place yesterday.
To quote Julia Roberts again - big mistake.
Huge.
Yet I can't see how I could have done anything else without destroying his illusion of a perfect evening.
He had paid for the memory of a perfect evening, which he now had, and I couldn't very well destroy it without a damn good reason.
He wanted to meet for lunch first so I thought I'd show him what decent food was like and choose a local pub.
One with a charming, architecturally appropriate interior and nice dinners.
Thought he might learn something.
He whined about the time.
Wanted to meet me at noon, that is - the crack of dawn - in case they'd quit cooking by two.
Like a pub in Crouch End could possibly stay in business if they quit cooking at any time of day.
This being Restaurant Central.
After a few days complaining he finally looked the place up online and thought it didn't sound half bad.
Nice of him.
So we get there and he is trying to touch my face and I'm pointing out a little discretion might be appropriate.
He whines I'm not wearing a skirt.
I never bloody wear a skirt round here.
People know me.
If I start wearing skirts in public they will assume I'm on the pull.
With this dude?
Every guy in N8 will assume he's Entitled if they think I'd desperate enough to date this dude..
But what's discretion to him?
I'm the one facing the consequences of his indiscretion.
He is a Consequence Free Zone.
It'll all be alright.
Oh yes.
I want to eat just chips and dip.
I like the chips and dip here, but no.
That's not good enough.
I have to have proper food because I'm just a little girl who doesn't know her own mind so he gets me some flan thing that has wheat in it.
As well as the chips.
I make an attempt at the stuff on the flan but I accidentally eat a bit of pastry and next thing you know I'm lying on the bench feeling very hot and very ill.
I'm breathing fast and sweating.
My stomach hurts.
I can see him looking at me out of the corner of my eye.
Yes you motherfucker.
