A beautiful few weeks spent between Miami, The Everglades, Tampa and St. Petersburg.
Oh and don’t forget the awesome UM/Virginia Tech football game!
o you like music festivals you say.
Been to Bonnaroo you say.
Well you ain’t seen NOTHING like Counterpoint.
When it comes to roughing it in a field, Counterpoint is king.
It’s not like Bonnaroo where there are paths between tent groupings and roads to the venue entrance.
Instead, you camp on a field, lined up in order of arrival, with space for a vehicle and a tent.
That’s it.
After 3 days the field transforms into a churned and muddy sea of tent skeletons, lost clothes and empty bottles.
It really is quite a sight.
Camping officially opened on Thursday afternoon at 10am; the venue opened a bit later at 2pm.
Having stayed in a hotel in Atlanta the night before, J and I had an easy half hour drive to the venue location off Browns Lake Road.
Unlike Bonnaroo there weren’t signs pointing to the entrance and for quite a while we thought we’d missed the turn- until, finally, we saw people waving traffic down a tiny, dirt road into what looked like the bushes.
We pulled up at the end of the line of cars at just past 3 in the afternoon and blasted dustup while we waited for an hour in the steaming sun.
For a new festival the experience wasn’t nearly as painful as expected.
We reached the security checkpoint and were asked to get out of our vehicle so that it could be searched.
The volunteers glanced briefly at the packed back seat but were quite thorough in checking the bed of the truck.
Not realizing they’d be so strict we found ourself down a case of bottled beer but thankfully we were able to save our liquor by transferring it into plastic containers.
Don’t make the same mistake we did and leave the glass at home.
We continued across the field in the direction of all the excitement.
Originally we wanted to save spot next to us for a friend arriving later from South Carolina; we realized as soon as we parked next to our new neighbors that this was crazy.
If you’re trying to camp with another car you really do have to go in together.
Immediately after parking we jumped out of the truck and began the struggle to set up camp.
In addition to a 4 person sleeping tent we brought a canopy for shade and a tarp for extra cover.
We connected the tarp with our neighbors on the left, shared tools with our neighbors on the right and instantly found ourselves with new best friends.
It never ceases to amaze me how festival goers band together to make fun events that much more awesome.
We spent several hours arranging our tables, coolers and bedding and ate left over sandwiches.
Then we cracked open beers, sat down with our neighbors and pregamed Adventure Club.
So began a 3-day blur of the hardest bass I’ve ever experienced.
Counterpoint: What You Need to Know
Inaugural event dates: October 27-29, 2012
Next event dates: TBA
Venue address: 9445 Browns Lake Rd, Fairburn, Georgia 30213
DO NOT BRING: glass bottles of alcohol.
They WILL take these away and it will be a very sad day.
Showers cost $10.
Ice costs $5. Food is available, but pricey, so bring your own.
MY ESSENTIAL ITEMS: portable music player, hookah, extra supplies for neighbors, quick snacks such as granola/gold fish/cheez-its/crackers, baby wipes, cases of water, mouthwash, toilet paper, paper towels, pillows, yoga mat to sleep on, folding table, cooler for ice, solo cups, beer pong balls, a printed schedule, a car cell phone charger, small backpack, gum, sharpie markers.
Be prepared for severe weather.
At one point the festival was evacuated due to sudden high winds and heavy rain.
We were luckily at camp during the storm and were able to batten down the hatches and keep our tents from blowing away.
Others were not so lucky and returned from main stage to find their campsites ruined.
Use tent stakes!!
MY LINEUP:
Day 1: Adventure Club, Big Gigantic
Day 2: Crystal Castles, Avicii, Bassnectar
Day 3: Steve Angello, Zedds Dead, Skrillex (& Lotus from afar), Pretty Lights, (& Laidback Luke from our campsite)
Wanted to see but didn’t: Beats Antique, Excision, Gramatik, Feed Me, Atmosphere, Porter Robinson, LOTUS
October 28th, 2012: Another fantastic bass throw-down at the Fillmore of Miami Beach.
We arrived around 10:45 pm to catch the end of the opening acts and by far my favorite song by EMALKAY: “When I Look at You”.
At this point there wasn’t any line into the venue and the security pat down was minimal.
All four of us were in and ready to go within 3 minutes of arriving.
It was quiet inside the foyer: there were only a few people milling around the drink stands directly opposite the entrance and several promotors dressed in Iron Man outfits handing out fliers.
We bought several bottles of water ($5 each) and decided to take the escalator on the left to enter on the bottom floor of the theater area.
For those who haven’t yet been to the Fillmore of Miami Beach, let me warn you that it is not your typical dubstep concert venue.
The building itself can be a labyrinth for the inebriated, with oddly placed escalators, carpeted ramps and outdoor smoking areas.
I recommend that you suss out drink stations upon arrival as it may be hard to find your way back when hallways get crowded.
One feature that I do like about the Fillmore is that there are multiple areas for concert-goers to enjoy.
First is what I think of as the “Mosh Pit”, which is directly in front of the stage.
This is almost always the most intense area; people will be jumping, raving, sweating, pushing and bass-ing out for the entire time.
If you begin to feel overwhelmed in the “Mosh Pit” you have the option of moving back and up a step to a raised platform separated from below by a metal railing.
This area is generally “quieter” and is what I like to call the “Stop, Drop and Roll”.
People here will be meeting friends, group raving and catching their breaths; of course there will also be dancing, though usually on a more controlled level.
Leaving the “Stop, Drop and Roll” you’ll navigate carpeted walkways between inclined theater seating.
This is the “I NEED TO SIT DOWN NOW” area (although it has been known to facilitate lap dances to those so inclined…).
Be sure not to congregate in between the two dancing areas and the rows of chairs; security is heavy inside the theater and will be the first to direct out of high traffic throughways.
Overall, I was very impressed with the sound system setup for Flux Pavilion, however in my opinion the lights could have been better (especially in comparison to RUSKO’s show on May 19th, 2012).
I would have liked to have seen more happening on the screen behind the artist and his table although I can understand if holy-crap-super-visual-craziness wasn’t the vibe Flux was going for.
Without a doubt the music was unbelievably awesome and the staples-”Bass Cannon” and “Gold Dust”- were absolutely mind-shattering.
Big ups to the Fillmore and the artists for a great show and I seriously look forward to catching another as soon as I can.
By Friday, I had officially contracted playa foot, leg, crotch and wrist.
My skin was a mixture of crusty and itchy, with a bit of caked and dry added in for good measure.
After dabbing myself clean with baby wipes I slathered on globs of body lotion and slept outside -in full respirator and goggles- for 8 whole hours.
Every once and a while I opened my eyes just a slit and watched passersby: a naked, winged princess stumbled into a tent, a massive metal bug vehicle clanked toward 6:00.
By 4 pm I cracked a few beers and was feeling less of the exhausted yet wired funk that was Burning Man Day 4.
Earlier that morning, while J and I were still in the RV, S scored a mint ride from a kind pilot at the airfield.
In return for copies of his aerial photographs S was awarded a seat in a little airplane and the ultimate view of the Playa.
I so regret not joining him!
Both J and I took turns making pilgrimages into the center of the Playa, admiring the art and wondering at the diversity of the people.
And of course, we stopped for drinks and shots when beckoned.
It was an amazingly somber experience to be completely surrounded by others, yet at the same time to be completely alone.
As the sun fell, the wind picked up and massive columns of dust swept over the flat tops of RVs.
We ate a quick dinner and set off in search of the burns.
The trek was made even more interesting than usual because most of the road signs had been rearranged or removed and visibility was couldn’t have been more than several feet.
We stopped to watch the fight action at the Death Guild Thunderdome and the flamethrowing art cars blasting in time to the music.
We saw so many exhibits that night that took were simply breathtaking: the massive EGO word art made out of bronze figurines, a man wearing a full-body light suit, the radio station and so many more BM characters.
At the end, J and I climbed aboard a dubstep-blasting rasta boat and danced and danced and danced.
About these ads
Like
One blogger likes this.
sethsnap
Tags: art, black rock desert, burning man, burning man 2012, desert, diary, flamethrowers, mutant vehicle, party, the people at burning man, what is burning man like
You’ll want to eat this by the gallon!
5 1/2 cups thinly sliced onions
2 shallots, thinly sliced
3 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon celery seed
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
3 tablespoons flour
4 cups chicken stock
2 cups chicken broth
1/2 cup dry white vermouth (or dry white wine)
1 tablespoon black pepper, plus more to taste
3 tablespoons cognac (or brandy)
To finish:
grated raw onion
1/2 cup grated cheddar
1/4 cup cubed alpine lace
1/4 cup shaved parmesan
butter, cubed
bread, toasted
(Feel free to use whatever types of cheese you please, and in the quantity you like!)
Melt butter and oil together in a large saucepan over low heat.
Add onions and stir to coat with butter/oil.
Cover the pot and let simmer for 20 minutes.
Uncover the pot and stir in salt, celery seed, oregano, shallots and sugar.
Raise the heat ever so slightly and simmer 40 minutes to an hour, stirring frequently.
The longer you let the onions caramelize, the better this soup will be.
The goal is a deep, golden brown color that smells absolutely heavenly.
Don’t rush perfection!!
If the onions start to get too dry, replace the lid for several minutes.
After the onions are caramelized, add the flour and cook for 3 minutes.
The flour will soak up a lot of the excess liquid so keep stirring to prevent the mixture from burning.
Add the wine, then incorporate broth and stock bit by bit, stirring between additions.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Don’t overdo the salt- the bread and cheese will add saltiness at the end.
Stir in cognac.
Bring soup to a simmer and stir occasionally for another 30 – 40 minutes, partially covered, or until desired consistency is reached.
Preheat oven to 350.
Bring soup to a boil and pour into soup bowls arranged on a foil-covered pan/baking sheet.
Stir in grated raw onion and a dollop of mixed cheese into each bowl.
Top with toasted bread and cubed butter, attempting to completely cover the top of the soup.
Cover the bread with cheese and sprinkle with pepper.
Bake soups for 10 minutes then broil for 5 minutes till the cheese is brown and bubbly.
Serve and enjoy.
Makes 4-5 servings.
Just returned from Counterpoint 2012 in Atlanta, Georgia.
Some of the greatest times you can have in a muddy field with thousands of wasted people.
Waking up on the Playa that morning was like being reborn.
Sun streaming through the curtains, I hopped down from the upper bed and pushed open the door.
It was brilliantly bright; the white sand was rippled from a night of stormy weather.
After the wild night of parties and music it was blissfully quiet, almost solemn.
S had met an experienced group of Burners on his trip up from San Francisco and they invited the three of us for breakfast at their camp, Delirium Confluence, at 9:30 am.
After the dehydration of yesterday I barred myself from leaving our RV before I downed an entire bottle of water.
I may be a lot of things, but wasn’t not stupid enough to make that mistake again.
After waving to our neighbors who, by the looks of it, were only just returning from Opulent Temple, we rode around the radius of the Playa on street I.
We weren’t particularly worried about finding the Delirium camp, after all, Burning Man is fun no matter where you end up.
No worries, we got there when we got there.
Using S’s vague directions and memory of the exterior of the RV we arrived 15 minutes later with our empty coffee mugs and serious appetites.
I think the real beauty of Burning Man is that wherever you go you are welcomed and invited to participate.
As we walked up to Delirium Confluence, which, I might add, was surrounded by complete strangers, we were greeted with nothing but smiles and waves.
We heard a few calls to come in and enjoy a french toast and fresh blueberry breakfast.
No questions, no judgement, nothing asked in return, just the pleasure of shared company and conversation.
The camp’s generosity, even before they recognized S and introduced themselves, was simply overwhelming.
Needless to say we would leave that morning with full bellies and warm hearts as wells as handmade necklaces and email addresses.
We would also be treated to a 15 minute performance by a talented spoken word artist, Tooba Looba, while we ate.
I could only shake my head in wonder.
Despite chugging a water before we left for breakfast I found myself parched by the time we returned to the RV.
Coffee seemed to have accelerated the dehydration process.
We washed up with baby wipes and relaxed in the shade.
The faint purr of generators mingled with the jubilant sounds of laughter and a bagpipe.
A happy place.
As the sun set we began to make a plan: first, we needed to see the Man.
Up close, personal.
Little did we know we’d be able to climb up a staircase right into the crotch of the enormous wooden structure.
Next, we figured out what we’re all wearing.
I decided that J and I were going goth/raver, S opted for biker cowboy.
Let’s just say it was priceless beyond all words.
Definitely, definitely bring fun stuff to wear; even if you think- “oh, there’s no way I’ll go out in that.”
Bring it anyway.
It’s almost guaranteed that the spirit of Burning Man will get to you.
We did a bit of exploring once the sun set, then returned to make dinner.
Along the way we were offered warm Redbull and vodka and tequila shots out of a toy gun.
Classy.
S has been dying for night footage so he brought his camera and snapped photos almost constantly as we made the 20 minute journey to and fro our camp.
The fridge in our RV didn’t work and there was a constant drip of melting ice onto the floor next to the stove.
If only we were hungrier- there was so much food to eat and so little time to do so!
Thursday’s dinner challenge was ravioli and oh, what a challenge it turned out to be.
Things started off smoothly: we filled a pot with water, set it on the stove and turned on the burner.
But, 10 minutes later when we checked the pot, there was no flame!
Everyone out of the RV!
There we were standing around in a hulking metal box filled with gas, lighting matches.
HAHAHA!
Not to be discouraged S then proceeded to BBQ a pot of water for the ravioli.
It was an incredible feat of engineering and I’m still impressed.
We spent a few minutes spying on our very interesting assortment of neighbors and then, with gusto, J and I ventured out again into the center of the Playa.
I know can’t do justice to the endless tapestry of colors and lights, so I won’t even try.
Burning Man was incredible.
You really do have to see it yourself to believe it.
J and I sat and watched an incredible light display, a fire dancer on a stripper pole and so many other once-in-a-lifetimes.
After several hours we returned to the RV and watched the most amazing lightning storm I have ever witnessed.
A few violent bouts of rain passed quickly over the Playa and the sky turned a petulant shade of dark violet.
A night- and a sunrise- I will never forget.
At Mad Tom’s Orchard there are rows upon rows of fruit trees, their boughs heavy with bright red apples that hang in stark contrast to the velvety blue sky.
Vermont in the fall is everything a painter could dream of.
Do visit Mad Tom’s if ever you’re passing through East Dorset, Vermont.
They have apples in the fall and berries in the summer.
Great people.
Good morning Playa!
And what a morning it was: a bright blue, endless sky, a light breeze and perfectly flat sand as far as the eye could see.
Without the harsh storms stirred up by incoming cars we were able to look out across the roofs of the vehicles and tents around us- and the size of the community that had assembled was breathtaking.
The good weather also meant that we could check out our neighbors.
This became a very amusing past time while enjoying the comfort of the RV.
First things first: set up camp.
We were eager to move shit out of the main cabin to give us room to move about- especially the 3 pedal bikes that we had stuffed up into the cubby near the bathroom.
S had been hopping over them in order to get from his bed in the back to the side door to get out!
Needless to say, the bikes were the first things out Wednesday morning.
Also side-note with regarding the bikes: while we bought 3 locks, we used them only once to lock J and I’s bikes together at Center Camp the second night.
Other than that we didn’t risk taking the bikes all the way out to Opulent Temple because 1) I would have crashed into someone or something (drunk- and not ashamed to admit it), 2) there were way too many bikes already out there so no doubt I would have forgotten where I left my wheels and had to walk back to camp anyway and 3) walking, stopping at will and dancing/drinking/partying with random strangers along the way was always half the fun of any voyage.
Just wanted to get that out there in case it saves you buying bike locks.
Buy bike seat covers and EL wire instead.
After about 2 hours of unpacking we were exhausted and ready for a drink.
The photo above shows our camp almost completely tricked out, as well as some of our neighbors in the area next to us.
They were, without exception, the friendliest and most diverse bunch of individuals we could have imagined.
To give you an idea of the types of people we met I’ll leave it at this: the ages ranged from college to mid-60s, newbies to veterans.
Two hailed from Hawaii, some from California and even one from the local Native American tribe (he got in to Burning Man for free!).
About half our neighbors brought RVs or campers, while the rest camped in tents or the backs of their trucks.
Some dressed as ravers, some as hippies and steampunkers, some in everyday clothing and some in nothing at all!
As the week progressed I came to realize how much our little neighborhood at 6:00 and I was a microcosm for Burning Man as a whole.
Random notes about camping supplies and setting up camp: Tracking down the miscellaneous odds and ends was definitely half the battle of laying down our tarp, carpet, chairs, tables and lanterns.
Thank god it wasn’t blowing a gale because we had a hard enough time pulling everything out of the cubby hole on the side of the RV to rummage around for “those damn tent stakes!”
In the end though, the outdoor pop-up tent was a great investment and I remember looking at each other and saying- “wow, this is totally awesome.”
Cheap Home Depot chairs were also sound idea and, when sheltered from the wind by the RV, did not blow away all week.
Do buy tent stakes though, as the nightly storms would definitely have ripped up the tarp had we left it loose.
After setting ourselves up we jumped on our bikes and set off down 6:00, the main road to the Man.
In all honesty I must have said “holy shit, look at that” at least 50 times in the 10 minutes it took us to get to the Media Camp where S had to pick up his photography pass.
I’m sure J and I looked exactly like Burning Man virgins, with our eyes wide open and our jaws on the ground.
We were also virgin stupid by not bringing water bottles with us.
BRING WATER BOTTLES WITH YOU! 2 hours later when we finally got back to the RV we were so dehydrated we stayed inside for several hours to tend to our dry mouths.
Back to that afternoon.
S got his lanyard and off we went around the Playa.
We pedaled in the direction of Opulent Temple at 10:00 and Esplanade, but literally took 25 detours along the way.
Come on, how often can you say that you watched a yellow and purple, double-decker bus, blasting music and filled with people egg on a fully tricked out PIRATE’S SHIP?? Mutant vehicle battle!! Blew my mind.
A flying carpet meandered by topped with at least 15 people, a gnarly set of speakers and a hookah.
A WORKING HOOKAH.
I am looking through the photos trying to decide what moments to highlight and I can’t even begin to narrow it down.
People sleeping all over the place, immense works of art, humorous camp signs, musicians jamming out on top of vehicles.
The list goes on.
No sooner had we laughed at 2 guys dressed in full Indian headgear on Segways did 2 midgets on Segways drive in the opposite direction.
Not kidding.
We reached Opulent Temple after passing by Everywhere, a skeleton tree, the Roller Disco, Malmart (BAALMART), Bubbles and Bass, the skater park halfpipes, Slutgarden, Pink Heart and a thousand other things.
We’re just chilling at the very edge of the campsites when an enormous Tigger rounds the corner and we scurry to get our bikes out of the road.
What a great idea for a mutant vehicle.
The rest of the day is a blur of dehydration and alcohol.
J and I headed back to camp to find water and food while S hovered around Opulent.
By the time he returned with our rave supplies we had left the RV with a bottle full of our good friend Senior Smirnoff.
Poor S promptly took a shower, killed several bottles of water and laid down in complete heat exhaustion.
Burner virgins: do NOT test the Playa, she will ALWAYS win.
Drink.
Lots.
Preferably not all of it liquor.
J and I headed out before the sun set to check out the Playa at dusk.
We had barely biked past the corner of H and 6:00 when we started getting cat-called and heckled by Camp La La. “Come have drinks!”
“Hey Captain, can I ride your plane?” (I was wearing a captain’s hat) “Yo, are you wearing eyeliner?”
(J had let me put makeup on him).
So we pulled over, but then realized we’d forgotten to bring empty drink bottles.
DAMNIT!
Another lesson we consistently forgot all week: always travel with an empty drinking container should you happen upon liquor.
God forbid we turn down liquor.
So we went for a brisk ride around Center Camp, then returned to the RV, invited S to join, grabbed water bottles and went back to Camp La La.
The girl at the bar was serving Vodka Cranberry, Mint Mojito and Sweet Tea Whiskey in enormous orange juice containers.
It was a toughie, but I decided to go with the last option and, in return, gifted them a small bottle of rum I had in my backpack (naturally).
Then we stood around and heckled passersby while sampling homemade cheese curds- seriously, I shit you not.
Only at Burning Man.
Later, we returned and made our second Burning Man dinner: salad (my job) and bacon wrapped sirloins (I shit you not).
The look of pride on S’s face as he stacked those babies on a plate was priceless.
Our ultimate mission was to find C, a friend J made on the plane from Denver to Reno.
He’d given us his camp name and address and invited us by to check it out.
Well alright, no problem- IF it was daytime and we were sober and the roads weren’t packed with Burners and bikes and mutant octopuses.
But you try finding a campsite after a few crazy, sweaty hours at Opulent Temple- it was a whole different story.
Thankfully J kept me on a short leash and eventually, by some miracle, we found the right tent.
Unfortunately, no one was home.
But hey, at least we made it!
We rounded a corner in the RV and all of a sudden the land opened up.
Ahead, clouds of dust hovered over a sandy expanse of desert.
Tiny cars moved like ants in the distance.
We pulled over briefly to photograph the Fertility sign before continuing off the road and onto the Playa.
The hard lake bed was marred with ridges and bumps from the thousands of cars that had passed before us.
On either side of the throughway were blue, red and white flags as well as signs reminding us not to hide passengers, fireworks and open containers of alcohol.
On and on we drove.
At times the dust was so thick that S was forced to slow to a crawl in case we came up behind another vehicle.
Every once and a while we caught sight of pairs of port-a-potties standing desolate against a post-apocalyptic horizon.
Finally stalling in traffic, we watched from dusty windows as other anxious Burners dashed between cars and storage units.
Everyone had donned handkerchiefs, bandanas, goggles, hats and respirators- looking properly dressed for the end of the world.
The events that followed are a blur.
I remember waiting for at least 45 minutes as the car in front of us inched towards Will Call.
When we reached the front of the line S jumped out of the RV with his mask and respirator to pick up the tickets.
Ten minutes later he was back with a huge grin on his face and tickets in hand.
We continued on towards the security checkpoint where a man and a woman entered the RV to perfunctorily confirm the number of people in the vehicle and make sure there were no weapons onboard.
Then, we were in.
Unfortunately it was too stormy for J and I to get the customary Burning Man “welcome initiation.”
We spent the rest of the afternoon into the evening relaxing in the RV and setting up camp.
The wind raged on until 5 pm and then suddenly died out, setting the stage for a beautiful night on the Playa.
We cruised around on our bikes and got a sense of the immensity of Burning Man and the lay of the streets.
No words can do it justice.
After several hours J and I simply rode in silence as we gazed in wonder at the sights.
After dinner- salad and hamburgers (yes, we were ridiculous for the first few days)- we proceeded to get completely trashed.
Marching off into the night with the full gamut of protective clothing and gadgetry I distinctly remember thinking to myself- this is fucking crazy.
Otherwise, events from there on out are a blur.
I know we dropped off a bottle of rum at a friends camp (Bubbles and Bass) and then proceeded around the left side to 10:00 and Esplanade toward Opulent Temple.
The crowd was larger than any dubstep concert (excluding Skrillex at Bonnaroo) I have ever attended.
The 360 degree panorama of lasers and lights will be the one thing I never forget from that first night.
Darkness brings a whole new life to the desert.
Never will I forget the sea of lasers, LEDs and light-up toys.
Careful Burners, you might just find yourself when you venture out into the night.
Credit to Scott Stallard.
To say that we were excited to get on the road would be a complete and utter understatement.
We camped out in the parking lot of Walmart in Reno overnight Monday and were dying to part ways with civilization (read: give the man the finger).
Not to mention that we felt we had overstayed our welcome because the RV was sneakily leaking piss out onto the tarmac.
We even practiced driving our rented pedal bikes around the parking lot, pretending that we were riding through sand and gale force winds.
Must have looked pretty comical.
Our first stop that morning was Starbucks across the street.
While J and I enjoyed our final meal of bagels and sandwiches, S slipped into the bathroom to wash and shave.
Yes, he snuck a raser with him in his jacket pocket.
He emerged after 10 minutes with a huge grin on his clean-shaven face, looking extremely pleased with himself.
“Saved us using the water in the camper!”
J was definitely impressed.
Next we drove to Bed, Bath and Beyond to pick up final supplies.
Believe it or not but the place hadn’t even opened yet so there we are camped out in yet another parking lot in the damn RV.
Naturally, the task of driving several hours through the desert was the only thing that prevented S from cracking his first beer.
We commiserated with a fellow early-morning shopper and generally wreaked havoc while we waited.
Finally the doors open.
Striding purposefully into BB&B we were immediately overwhelmed by the racks and racks of miscellany, all of which suddenly seemed invaluable for a week on the Playa.
Turvis Tumbler glasses with lids?
Perfect blizzard survival item.
Water bottles with straws?
All the better to drink liquor.
Come on, it’s not as if we had ANY intention of getting wasted on the trip.
I knew it was time to leave when S walks up with a silk pillow case.
God forbid we have to rough it too much.
Back into the RV we went and the journey began.
Miles of highway stretched into the horizon before us and shopping complexes were quickly replaced with sparse, flat-roofed homes nestled amongst burnt orange hills.
“Who would ever live out here?” we asked again and again.
Buildings became fewer and fewer along Pyramid Way until, finally, we reached an opal-blue lake.
Stretching on for miles it appeared out of place next to its dry and desolate surroundings.
Nixon, the first town we approached was little more than a gas station and a fireworks retailer.
Other burners had parked their vehicles and were enjoying the sun and the view from a rock wall near the road.
Some of them had already taken off their shoes and donned Playa attire.
A few had even cracked open their first bottle of vodka.
We laughed and made our final phone calls to concerned relatives.
“I love you booger,” my dad said as he hung up.
The feeling of disconnect as we stepped into the RV and turned off our phones was incredible.
J and I popped our first Blue Moons en route to Empire, the second-to-last town before Black Rock Desert.
More and more Burners were accumulating road-side  and we stopped at the convenience store to get rid of S’s extra ticket.
Easier said than done apparently.
S approached a wild, flower-adorned eastern European lady who had just been fined by the police for attempting to sneak through the gates naked.
She had hiked all the way back to Empire (yes, clothed) and was desperate for a ticket.
Naturally J and I stood there laughing as S tried to converse logically with this woman who quite clearly was in her own little universe.
After explaining for the tenth time that the extra ticket was not in our possession but instead need to be picked up at Will Call, we gave up.
S wasn’t interested in transporting this lady in our RV and it would have been practically impossible for us to meet up with her  at the entrance.
S also didn’t know whether the pick-up name on the ticket could be changed.
Empire was a cool little spot.
Beside the convenience store were several Burner booths selling goggles, costumes, EL wire, steampunk clothing and the mix.
The atmosphere was no longer anything like the “Default World” as if the strings of reality had been cut and tossed into the wind.
Free spirited glances betray the excitement we feel.
Leaving Empire we dug out our Home Depot respirators and I decorated mine with sharpie markers.
About half an hour later we pulled up in Gerlach and made one last attempt to give away S’s ticket.
S walked off to chat with a couple who had a “Need Ticket” sign propped up against their truck on the side of the road while J and I explored Bruno’s Country Club.
Unbeknownst to us S got back in the RV and was about to drive off.
Apparently he made a comment from the driver’s seat and turned around to see what was wrong when he didn’t hear  a response from J and I. Panicked, he ran out of the RV and literally barged into a local’s home thinking it was a restaurant.
S said the look on the man’s face as he stormed into the living room was priceless.
Here we are not even on the Playa and J and I are lost.
Classic.
The first night: Being jet lagged and absolutely shattered from a rough weekend of drinking, I slept like a baby until…6:30 am.
What a fail.
Reno is cold in the mornings- almost brutally chilly as S reported after his night in the RV.
My uncle was nice enough to get J and I a hotel room at the Best Western across from the Reno airport to spend our first night in.
After waiting for J’s late flight to arrive from Denver at 11:10pm there was nothing I wanted to do more than take a warm shower and find a bed.
Also, dry? Incredibly so.
Bring lipgloss, eye drops and moisturizer.
Besides the lack of moisture, Best Western is a decent hotel.
We’ve now had breakfast and coffee and are waiting for stores to open on South Virginia Street.
Shopping list: There are at least 5 burner shops we’d like to visit including: The Melting Pot World Emporium, Junkees Clothing Exchange, Polyesther’s Costume Boutique, The Doll House and Menagerie Costumes.
We’re also going to go back to Home Depot, Walmart and, of course, COSTCO.
Silly S didn’t know that J and I are both members so he’s gone and signed up for a COSTCO card too!
Just a drop in the hat after getting a $4500 RV I suppose…In particular, J and I need to buy calf/knee-high boots, long socks, ski goggles and body/face paint.
He also needs to get costumes, because he is terrible at planning.
I have already warned him that I will be putting eyeliner on him on at least one occasion.
HAHA!
Rave Booth update: A positive development!
S just got off the phone with a very nice pair of Burners from Opulent Temple who have agreed to bring our boxes of rave shit with them to their camp.
What a relief!
It would have been a bummer to buy LED respirators and not get to use them!
rriving in Reno: Definitely the best part of flying to Reno has been playing “Spot the Burners”.
The (not-so-challenging) challenge: pick out who else is making the trek to the Black Rock Desert.
And fuck, have I seen some crazy looking folks.
One guy arrived at the gate in Washington with a beautiful white, floor-length fur coat and an amazing leather vest.
Looked like he walked off the set of a medieval movie.
J made a few friends on his flight, including a 40 year old male stripper with blue eyeliner, a sweet, red-haired girl and a tattooed, brightly dressed man with the trippiest shoes I’ve ever seen.
We swapped camp locations and will be finding each other (hopefully)!
The developments: I met up with S at baggage claim in the Reno airport and I could tell he’d had a stressful last few days.
Apparently he went to Cruise America to pick up the RV and had been given one only half full with gas and propane.
Then he’d spent several hours finding a replacement and ended up forgetting to pick up the Rave Booth packages we’d had mailed to the main office!
The plan is to call Cruise America and ask another Burner to bring the boxes with them in their RV in return for either money -or- the extra ticket that Scott now has because his friends from Minnesota had to bail.
An extra ticket?!?! Blasphemy!
Either we’ll flog it and recoup some cash or gift it to someone in return for a (rather significant) favor.
n less than 4 hours I will be boarding a flight to the west coast.
Reno here I come!
Seeing as I am a Burning Man virgin I have decided to chronicle my adventure as I am sure it is going to be crazy.
I won’t have internet during the trip, but I will be keeping a journal of daily events which I will post online once I get home on the 5th of September.
Cannot.
Wait.
The setting: I am making the trip with my Uncle S and my good friend J.
A stranger combination cannot be imagined.
S is very quiet, an observer at times, although animated once you get to know him.
Only over the last few months have we become close- and close enough to drive hundreds of miles into the Black Rock Desert together is saying something!
In the beginning S had intended to participate in his second BM with his son and a good friend.
Unfortunately both bailed for work reasons, leaving S with tickets to spare and no one to go with.
After I returned from Bonnaroo in June he happened to mention BM to me and, of course, I was instantly all in.
My friend J, who also went to Bonnaroo, was added to the group because hey, he’s as nuts as I am and is frankly the only person I know who will drop everything and fly across the country for a naked hippy festival in the middle of nowhere (I joke.
Ok, well partially joking).
J is loud, impulsive, hilarious and well, experienced.
Let’s just say he’s got the connections and leave it at that.
The preparations: Yes I’ve dyed my hair pink.
I know, I’m being judged as I sit here in the airport.
Fuck off, it’s cool.
I have neon green nails and a bunch of hippy bracelets on.
I’ve come with clothing that I am prepared to never see again. 2 bottles of black rum are happily tucked in my suitcase.
I have spent the last week buying and making things to give away- souvenirs, miniature bottles of liquor, bracelets, trinkets.
I know it’s not supposed to be a barter society, but I’d rather have something to give if I need to get myself a drink of water or a cool hat.
Knowwhadameen?
Also packed are a sketch book, reading materials, funny costumes (I love the thrift store), flags, necklaces and a baggie of trail mix for the trip.
Another thing S and I did was order rave supplies (LED gas masks, glow sticks, rave gloves, EL lights etc) from Rave Booth.
Andrew took VERY good care of us and agreed to have our orders shipped to the RV place for pick up in San Francisco.
Definitely, definitely will be a worthwhile purchase.
No way do I want some drunk motherfucker running over my ass on a peddle bike in the dark.
The logistics: Uncle S flew west on Friday, August 24th 2012, arriving in San Francisco to pick up an RV and drive northeast to Reno.
J and I are flying into Reno tonight, August 26th, to be picked up, in style, at the airport by S. We are meeting Scott’s friends from last Burning Man at an RV park somewhere in Reno tonight and then taking tomorrow to explore the shops and pick up last minute supplies.
We will be driving to Black Rock Desert on Tuesday to give the line time to die down and hopefully miss a lot of the traffic (doors open on Monday).
S says that last year there was a 9 hour wait to get in!
Fuck that!
The “extras”: S is a professional photographer so he’s got 2 decent still cameras and 2 Go Pros.
I plan on strapping one of those babies on my face and dancing around for a good while just capturing the scene from my perspective.
We’ve also rented three peddle bikes which I will adorn with as many lights as is physically possible.
J is contributing party favors, hair dye and random camping supplies.
Honestly, he’s the type of person that you don’t really even ask- you just go with it.
He’s sort of a “shit-magnet” (my father would say)- as in, if he makes it out to Reno, we’ll be pleasantly surprised!
Updates: Despite the hurricane and plane troubles, J made it out west! S and I waited for him to arrive in the Best Western and then dashed across the street through sprinklers to get him from the airport.
Allow me to add my 2 cents to the very hot topic of late: who is Christian Grey? (You know, the hottie from the 50 Shades of Shit trilogy?
Stop living under a rock).
Honestly I haven’t finished all 3 books and I don’t know if it’s possible to consume enough alcohol to make it through the last one.
I shit you not, they are the worst books I have ever read.
Hot, but terrible.
Every time I see a woman reading one of them- be it in the airport, on the beach, in a store- I have to forcibly restrain myself from snorting in amusement.
See guys- ladies do like porn, we just like to read it- over and over and over……..
Anyways, we return to the central question: who is this hot, sadistic, cold-hearted, domineering, wealthy, drop-dead tycoon of a main character?
My vote is for Gabriel Macht.
Gabriel currently stars as Harvey Spector in the USA series ‘Suits’, a fast-paced portrayal of life as a top-tier lawyer.
Personally, this guy is top 5 for me- and there is just something about him in a $2,000 suit that makes me want to try some Christian Grey style BDSM on his ass.
And he sure as hell looks a lot better than this artist’s rendition:
Preheat oven to 350 F.
Lightly grease cookie sheets.
Cream butter and sugar.
Add egg and vanilla and blend well.
Combine dry ingredients and add to wet mixture.
Stir in oats and chocolate chips.
Drop by tablespoons onto sheets and bake for 12 minutes or until lightly browned.
The longer you leave the cookies in the oven and on the sheets, the harder they will be after they cool.
My advice, undercook ‘em.
Remove from the sheets and cool.
A healthy, colorful alternative to plain rice.
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 small onion, diced
1 pepper from a jar, chopped finely
3/4 quinoa (uncooked)
1 1/2 cups chicken or vegetable broth
1 1/4 tsp cumin
1/4 tsp cayenne pepper
1 tsp salt
2 tsp pepper
1 cup corn kernels (either frozen, fresh, or from a can)
1 can black beans, drained and rinsed
Heat oil in medium saucepan over medium heat.
Stir in onion, garlic, and pepper and sautee until lightly browned.
Mix quinoa into saucepan and cover with broth.
Season with cumin, cayenne, salt and pepper.
Bring mixture to a boil.
Cover, reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes.
Stir in corn and simmer 5 additional minutes, or until cooked through if frozen.
Mix in black beans.
Serve warm or cold.
A beautifully sweet, crunchy, chewy, twangy salad.
Balsamic Vinaigrette Dressing:
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1/4 cup mandarin orange juice from the can
2 tablespoons honey
2 teaspoons dijon mustard
1 teaspoons pepper
pinch of salt
1/4 cup olive oil
Combine ingredients (minus the olive oil).
Slowly drizzle in olive oil, whisking to incorporate.
Add more salt and pepper to taste.
Serve over mixed greens.
Sprinkle salad with mandarin oranges, cranberries, feta and walnuts.
A lovely treat that makes your kitchen smell great too!
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 cup white sugar
2 eggs
1 cup sour cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
Topping/Filling:
1/4 cup white sugar
1/3 cup packed brown sugar
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
3/4 cup walnuts, chopped
3 tablespoons butter, melted
1 apple, peeled and sliced thinly
Preheat the oven to 325 F.
In a bowl, cream butter and white sugar.
Mix in eggs, sour cream and vanilla.
In a separate bowl combine flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt.
Add dry mixture to wet mixture and beat just until incorporated.
In another bowl combine streusel ingredients.
Grease and flour a pan (bundt or sheet, your choice).
If you’re using a bundt pan: layer streusel on the bottom, top with half the batter.
Then put another layer of streusel, a layer of apples and top with the remaining batter.
If you’re using a sheet pan: start with half the batter, then a layer of streusel and a layer of apples.
Top with the remaining batter and then finish with streusel.
Bake for 50 minutes or until a knife inserted in the cake comes out clean (don’t mistake the gooey center for uncooked batter!!).
Slice and serve warm.
I was looking for a quick way to apply awesome instagram-like effects to a few photos from this weekend.
Minus the actual instagram phone app.
And lookie what I found.
Pixlr-o-matic is a fucking sweet site.
You upload a photo from your computer, select the filter, effect and border style, then save the image back to your computer.
There is a great repertoire of colors and textures- the only challenging part is choosing which to use!!
Here’a fun one.
Same rules as regular jenga- i.e. take turns removing one block at a time from the tower and placing it on top- but you sacrifice your pieces and write crazy challenges on them in sharpie beforehand.
Careful- don’t forget that you’ve written on the blocks and then pull out the game to play with your grandmother or 6-year-old cousin.
Eeeesh, that would be so fucking awkward.
Also, don’t forget that if you knock over the tower you have to finish your drink.
Yes, all of it.
The best way to think of ideas is to grab a few friends and sit down with markers and booze.
Pieces with “…” at the end can be played in several ways.
For example, before the game begins you may chose to have everyone pair up with a partner and then make all the “…” blocks that you pull apply to your designated partner.
Or you could decide to have the “…” blocks apply to the person sitting directly to your left/right.
For example if you decided to partner with the person on your left, for “Watch a porn video with…”, you’d have to go into another room and watch a porn with that person.
Even better if it’s an awkward piece and an awkward gender combination.
HAHA.
Also, don’t scoff at the “Write yourself a message for the AM” or “Take picture with…” blocks- they can really help you remember what the FUCK you did last night!
Finally, some ideas to get you started (also, so photo above):
Skinny dip
Tell a sexual fantasy
Finish your drink (and get another)
Swear every sentence until the end of the game
Drink some water
Never have I ever
Touch yourself
Nibble someone’s earlobe
Caress…
Give an ice cube to…
7 minutes in heaven with…
Make an animal noise
Truth or dare
Staring contest
Swap clothing with…
Do a lap around the house
Give someone a hickey
Get creative.
Get drunk.
Also, kudos to these guys for an awesome MASSIVE DRUNK JENGA SET:
Well I’ve started reading the second book in this shitty trilogy that seems to be sweeping the nation.
Christ it’s terrible.
The repetition is killing me.
I feel as if I am reading the same chapter over and over again.
How is this a #1 NY Times Bestseller?!?!?!
On a funnier note, a guy friend of mine saw the first book on my shelf, opened it to a random page, and started reading.
Next thing I know he’s taken it to read in the airport and sworn me to utmost secrecy.
“You CANNOT tell anyone,” he demanded.
Apparently he sat between 2 men on the plane and had to endure withering looks the entire trip.
AHAHAHA.
The scary part is that he’s probably learning something from it.
Shit, I better make sure I keep my handcuffs hidden.
Will keep posting back as I read on…………oh America, you are so dumb.
Let me share a little story with you- one that I hope will shed new light on hot peppers and why you should NOT MESS AROUND.
During our trip to Costa Rica my father and I decided to visit a farmer’s market to check out the local produce.
One of the farmers was selling big bags of hot peppers, and because he spoke no english, we couldn’t find out what type they were.
Figuring the little suckers couldn’t be *that* bad we bought a satchel and carried them home to use in scrambled eggs, salads, etc.
No big deal.
We never used more than one and never handled the seeds for a long period of time.
Fast forward a few days and we realize we still have a lot of peppers left to use.
Brilliant idea: stuffed hot peppers!
Like jalepeno poppers but the authentic, dangerous, Costa Rican version!
Sweet!
Oh how wrong we were.
That night I cleaned, de-seeded, cut, and laid out on tin foil the remainder of the peppers.
Must have been 30 total.
Didn’t have any issues at all while I was doing it.
Only after I had finished prepping the peppers did I start to feel the burn.
It started under my finger nails and spread over my entire hands and down my arms.
Holy.
Shit.
At first I could handle it, no problem.
But the intensity kept picking up and I suddenly found that I was in SERIOUS pain.
Panic set in.
My father, who had been laughing at me up to that point stopped laughing and started looking for things to help the burn.
I had to have him search online because I couldn’t function.
I tried everything.
First milk, then water, orange juice, cranberry juice, shampoo, and conditioner.
I skyped a friend of mine who is a chef and he suggested onions, tomatoes, and toothpaste.
Nothing worked.
God it was miserable.
I sat in the air conditioned room with my hands next to the vent and that helped to dull the tingling by a minute amount.
Until they acclimatized and it came back.
Fuck, what a nightmare.
Never had this happen to me before.
You know when I reach for the vodka to pour it over my throbbing fingers that I was at a new low.
I tried sand, salt water, mud, butter, weird spanish diaper rash cream and still nothing.
After almost 2 hours we found that the best remedy was a bowl of ice cold water with baking soda.
I must have sat for another hour at the dining room table clutching a huge block of ice, just to numb the stinging.
Not sure what the baking soda did, but it helped.
Then I would alternate with sour cream, literally sticking my hand in the container and putting it back in the fridge when I wasn’t using it to cool it down again.
I went to bed in pain and woke up the next morning and THEY WERE STILL STINGING.
Damnit.
Took another 6 hours that day for the pain to finally stop.
Take my advice and wear gloves.
But if you are stupid like me, try alternating with baking soda ice water and sour cream.
And take this time to think about your stupidity.
If you’re heading to Bonnaroo in a few days don’t forget to register your wristband at register.bonnaroo.com!
You’ll need to locate your 8 digit Wristband ID # from the back of the plastic piece on your band.
Not the black plastic clip!
The purple-on-one-side, white-on-the-other piece of square plastic that slides along the length of the cloth.
Pull the cloth upward as shown in the photo and you’ll find the code.
BONNAROOOOOO.
friend of mine recently asked me, “hey, can you help me start a blog?”
I thought I’d write a little something to help him, and others like him, get started in the world of blogging.
First, you need to decide whether you want to spend money.
Your decision will determine the URL or “internet address” of your blog.
For example, if you pay a hosting service to put your website online your URL will be something like www.myblogname.com
or www.myblogname.org.
If you choose the free route your URL will be something like www.myblogname.hostname.com.
So really, your site is out there either way, it just sits in a different place in the internet.
Yes, it’s a bit easier to find without the “hostname.com”
on the end, but most new bloggers start with a free service and upgrade later as they get more viewers (also known as “traffic”).
Next you need to find a hosting service.
There are MANY, MANY hosts out there, some better than others, some cheaper than others.
My blog is hosted for free by wordpress.com
(which is why the URL has wordpress.com
on the end of it).
How you choose which host is best for you is largely arbitrary, but there are some factors that may influence your decision:
Are you trying to sell something?
If so, try to find a host that offers product pages and checkout options.
Do you have a preference for the host name?
This is particularly important for free blogs because the host name will appear at the end of the URL address.
Don’t pick a host you don’t like the sound of!
Are you picky about what your blog looks like?
Some hosts have a wider range of “themes” or pre-made “looks” to customize your blog.
You’ll want to check out the “features” section on each host’s website to see what they offer.
I’ve gone ahead and picked a few different hosts that I think showcase a wide range of features- for premium as well as free subscribers.
Next to the name of the host (in parentheses) is the name your blog would have if you chose to use their free service.
Free and Paid Hosting:
WordPress.com
(www.myblogname.wordpress.com)
Blog.com (www.myblogname.blog.com)
Blogger (www.myblogname.blogspot.com)
Tumblr (www.myblogname.tumblr.com)-
good for photo blogs
Weebly (www.myblogname.weekbly.com)-
good for websites, product pages
Paid Only Hosting:
SquareSpace
So let’s say you decide to go with WordPress.
Head over to www.wordpress.com and click on the big “Get started here” button.
There will be similar buttons on all the other hosting sites, and the process should be pretty easy no matter which one you choose.
Next you’ll need to complete the form by selecting a blog name, a username, password, etc.
Notice that you can select different URL endings for your site, i.e. “.me”, “.com”, “.net”; these are the paid options.
Once you’ve filled in all the fields click “Create blog” at the bottom of the page.
It’s as easy as that.
Put in your first and last name, if you like, and make sure to check your email to activate your blog.
So now that you’ve got a blog, it’s up to you what you do with it.
At the heart of WordPress is the Dashboard (see image above)- it’s where everything happens, the command module.
If you ever don’t know where you are, try to find your way back to the Dashboard.
From there, click on “Appearance” and then “Themes” to change the look of your site (some are free and some aren’t).
You can change the image header by clicking “Header” and you can add an image to the background of your blog by clicking “Background”.
The screen above is one you’ll see a lot.
To get there, click on “Posts” and “Add New” to write your first blog post.
Give it a title, then begin writing in the body section (the big white box).
If you’d like to file your post, create a new category by clicking “+Add New Category” on the right.
This helps organize your posts and makes it easier for readers to find what they’re looking for.
When you’re finished, click the blue Publish button or click Save Draft to come back to it later.
That about wraps it up for WordPress blogging.
Good luck and, as always, feel free to comment below with questions.
My Mom is feeling almost 100%.
Light sensitivity has diminished to almost nothing, and she is comfortable swabbing gently around her eyes with a wet cloth.
She is still not wearing eye makeup, and was told not to for at least a week following surgery.
Her eyelids are looking less puffy and more normal.
My Mom will be flying home today and following up with a referred surgeon instead of at the Duke clinic.
I will post as I hear updates from her. Overall she is thrilled with the procedure, although it was a painful surgery.
She said that after she got through the first 24 hours it was smooth sailing.
As always, feel free to ask questions.
Heaven.
It is, really.
The humid silence that clings to my arms and the back of my legs.
The tickling of a breeze against my face.
This is how it is and how it should be, for now, for always: Pura vida.
My mom woke up feeling much better- the burning pain was almost completely gone.
She did have crunchy, sticky eye goop around her tear ducts and lashes (compounded by the tape on the right eye) which we did not attempt to remove for fear of dislodging her corneal flaps (better safe than sorry when it comes to eyes in my opinion).
We went to the doctor for a 24 hour check up and he confirmed her vision at 20/20.
Unbelievable.
The doctor said to continue wearing goggles to bed for 4 nights and sunglasses whenever she goes outside for several months.
Other than that, no issues- the “mistake” in her right eye wasn’t actually a mistake, and the tape was merely preventative.
Whereas I was bed-bound for almost 5 days following PRK, my Mom spent the entire day out and about around town the day after LASIK.
She carried her drops with her and frequently applied artificial tears to prevent drying.
Around 5 pm she began to get tired, and ended up returning to bed for a nap before dinner.
She did complain about some strain and grittiness as a result of all the activity- in the end I think she regretted having stayed out the whole day.
I would recommend taking it easy for a solid 24 hours to expedite healing.
