Romney lost because a majority of Americans -- admittedly a narrow majority -- realized that he would say anything to win.
He was, in the words of Canadian commentator Andrew Cohen, "a confused standard bearer of no philosophical address."
But yesterday, in a call to big donors, Romney essentially repeated what he had said to other backers in that embarrassing 47% clip:
The truth is that Romney has always had a philosophical address.
It's just that, when he was running for president, he didn't want voters to know where he lived.
He has now confirmed that he resides in a gated community.
Tom Walkom takes some consolation from the fact that yesterday Jim Flaherty  said the government was willing to spend some money to give the economy a boost.
But, Walkom writes in this morning's Toronto Star, if Flaherty thinks a few make work projects will do the trick, he's sadly mistaken.
He and his government are wedded to the prevailing economic myth of our time -- that government should get out of the economy:
Throughout much of the developed world, the elements of the welfare state that used to keep capitalism on track through the bad spells — what analysts call the economic stabilizers — have been eaten away.
In Canada, it was a Liberal federal government under Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin that gutted unemployment insurance and welfare.
Martin was lauded at the time.
But that’s because, with the economy on the rebound, the effects of his cuts were muted.
Now that the economy is in the dumps, the downside of the Martin measures has become evident.
Most jobless Canadians don’t even qualify for what is now euphemistically called employment insurance.
Harper’s Conservatives are continuing in the same vein, with their scaling back of old age security, their antipathy to regulation, their attacks on trade unions, their refusal to expand the Canada Pension Plan and their determination — still undiminished — to get government out of the economy in the long run.
This brutal recession has been made more brutal because government has withdrawn from the playing field.
On this day when anti-austerity strikes are breaking out across Europe, what Flaherty and his collegues fail to understand is that capitalism on its own doesn’t work.
Corporate CEOs may not want the state involved in the economy.
They may hate unions.
But they need both if they are to profit.
That is one of the great contradictions of our era.
Haroon Siddiqui, in this morning's Toronto Star, points to the similarities between Stephen Harper and Mitt Romney -- who was rejected by 51% of American voters last week.
Harper was rejected by 60% of Canadian voters, but he won the election:
That’s our parliamentary democracy.
Still, it’s useful to remind ourselves of his policies that are not in sync with majority Canadian opinion but mesh with those of Romney and the Republicans.
He and they advocate smaller government and lower taxes, deficits and debts.
But they believe in pork barrelling, milking government dry for their favoured projects.
They also spend big on the military.
That leads to bigger deficits and debts, as under George W. Bush and Harper (forcing the prime minister to now start cutting back on defence).
The Harper Conservatives and Romney Republicans don’t like gun controls or environmental regulations.
They are oblivious to growing inequality.
They treat adversaries as enemies — if you’re not with Harper, you are to be demonized, ideally destroyed.
Harper's ascendancy with 40% support is depressing, but not new.
Those are the rules of the game.
However, if there is a lesson to be learned from Obama's victory, it is that elections are still won on the ground.
That comes down to knowing where the votes are and getting them to the polls.
That takes work.
And the work starts today.
"Trust -- or the lack of it --" Tasha Kheiridden writes, "can make or break a political career."
She then goes on to list three politicians who lost the public's trust and retired quickly -- the mayors of Montreal and Laval and Dalton McGuinty.
Which  brings us to Stephen Harper.
The 2012 Americas Barometer poll is not good news for the prime minster:
The survey of 40,971 people in 26 countries measures people’s trust in their politicians and institutions.
It reveals that only 16 per cent of the 1,500 Canadians polled place “a lot of trust” in Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
Keith Neuman of Environics, which did the Canadian portion of the survey, was quoted by the Globe and Mail on November 12 as saying, “In an international context, Harper has a lower level of trust than almost every other national leader in the hemisphere.”
Worse yet, he added that, “Canada hasn’t made any progress [on a number of key rankings] in recent years, and it has lost a bit of ground on others in the last few years.
The gap with other countries is smaller than it was before.”
One wonders if the news bothers Harper.
He appears to only care about one poll -- the next election.
And the chances are that he will make it to the next election.
But the poll brings into question how well Harper's program and record will sell.
For there is also the problem of what has happened to the political culture since Harper's arrival.
Kheriidden writes:
Attack ads have become the norm, and the Conservatives have become very good at them.
The Tories have also become embroiled in two scandals involving questionable and/or illegal campaign practices: the In and Out Scandal, which saw the party pay over $230,000 in fines for violating spending laws, and the Robocall voter suppression scandal, which continues to be investigated by the RCMP and Elections Canada.
Most politicians eventually do themselves in.
Perhaps the Americas Barometer poll is a signal that Harper is on on the way out.
The devastation which Hurricane Sandy visited on the American east coast has generated a lot of attention.
So did Hurricane Katrina.
But neither storm appears to have spurred legislators into action.
And, in Canada, inaction is the name of the game.
Matt Horne writes that, when the opposition proposed a nine cents a litre tax on gasoline, John Baird rose in the house and claimed that the tax would kill Canadian families:
That nine cents per litre — less than a dollar a day for the average Canadian family — could be the signal that helps flip the tables in favour of clean energy and gives government the resources it needs to invest in that transition.
Applied to all fossil fuel combustion, the equivalent of nine cents a litre would raise $20 billion a year in government revenues.
When the government cheerfully announced it was withdrawing from the Kyoto protocol last year, it did so under the pretence of helping Canada’s economy.
This conclusion ignored the simple fact that no economy does well when it is ravaged by storms, droughts and other extreme weather events.
Canada’s true economic interest lies in finding global solutions to global warming — not in turning our back on the rest of the world.
Instead of trumpeting unfettered expansion of oilsands pipelines and mines, we need an economic vision based on a clean energy future for this country.
Instead of allowing dirty coal-fired power plants to pollute the atmosphere until the middle of the century, we need to rapidly shift to the cleaner alternatives available today.
Instead of squabbling over transit investments, we have to find ways to mobilize the necessary capital that will give people more reasonable, affordable options to leave their cars at home.
Baird's reaction was not surprising.
The oil industry owns the Conservative Party of Canada.
And, if the governing party gets its way, Hurricanes Katrina, Sandy and their vengeful sisters will continue to kill all kinds of people.
One way or another, we're going to have to pay.
The sooner we begin paying, the less the bill will be.
This entry is cross posted at Eradicating Ecocide.
For Stephen Harper's Conservatives, war is a big deal -- as long as it generates good ad copy.
This government is spending $28 million to commemorate a war that happened two hundred years ago.
But, as veterans gather at the War Memorial on Parliament Hill tomorrow, they will be engaged in yet another battle with the Harperites to remember the soldiers who have returned from Canada's wars -- most recently the War in Afghanistan.
Tom Walkom writes in today's Toronto Star:
This week’s appearance on Parliament Hill of disabled veterans and military widows critical of the government was just the latest chapter in an ongoing dispute.
Disabled veterans had to take Ottawa to court once to stop it clawing back portions of their pensions.
Now a separate group of vets is suing the government over another pension issue — Ottawa’s decision to replace lifetime disability pensions with a cheaper, one-time, lump-sum payment.
In the first court case, Stephen Harper’s government spent $750,000 in legal fees fighting its own vets and conceded defeat only after the judge ruled Ottawa’s clawbacks blatantly unfair.
In the second case, Ottawa remains obdurate.
Hypocrisy has been the byword for this government ever since it came to power.
But it is particularly galling that these armchair warriors should treat Canada's living veterans with such disrespect.
However, it's worth remembering that Mr. Harper defined contempt as being outvoted in the House of Commons.
Readers of this space will know I believe that our present political masters have abandoned the next generation.
They say they don't want to saddle the young with impossible debts.
But the truth is that they bear a deep seated animus against government.
It's government that is their enemy -- not the debt.
And when you look at their records -- from Ronald Reagan to George W. Bush to Stephen Harper -- you discover that each of them has run up more debt than their predecessors.
More tellingly, they never have a word of encouragement for the young.
The only encouragement Mitt Romney offered was to borrow the money to go to school from their parents.
Here is a clip of Barack Obama addressing the young volunteers who helped him win on Tuesday.
He says what should have been said a long time ago -- and needs to be said now.
And, for those who think that Obama is cold and distant -- well, watch the clip.
Lawrence Martin writes this morning that, on Tuesday, the Neanderthals in the Republican Party were given their walking papers.
And he suggests that Republicans should look to Canadian Conservatives as a model of racial tolerance:
The GOP would do well to look to Canada’s Conservative party as an example of a political organization that has been able to triumph over progressives while remaining entrenched on the right.
With the merger of Alliance and the Progressive Conservative parties in 2004, the progressives saw their place significantly diminished.
But since that time Stephen Harper has been able to sell the country a more ideological brand of politics because he has been smart enough to keep his dinosaurs in the forest.
There have been some exceptions to this, Rob Anders and Vic Toews being among them, but not enough to stir great angst among voters.
What Martin doesn't write is that Stephen Harper's economic policies lead to the same place that Mitt Romney's do.
Both men firmly believe in  plutocracy.
Obama's victory was not just a victory for racial and ethnic tolerance.
It was a victory for government's place in the economy.
He won in places like Ohio because he rescued the auto industry.
And, while it's true that Stephen Harper chipped into that rescue, it's also true that his contribution was a "Me Too!" moment.
Since his victory eighteen months ago, Harper has done nothing to support Canada's industrial economy.
So let's not be too smug.
The Conservative Party of Canada has more than its share of Neanderthals.
Barack Obama has learned a lot in the last four years.
During the first two years of his presidency, many of his supporters grumbled that he didn't understand who he was dealing with.
When Republicans said that their first priority was to make him a one term president, they were serious.
But the 2010 elections got his attention.
And the debt ceiling debacle convinced him that the old admonition, "Early to bed and early to rise.
Work like hell and organize" was the only way to deal with his opposition.
And that's why Obama and the Democrats won the White House yesterday.
True, the war on the air waves was relentless.
As a Canadian living  just north of New York State, I 'm happy to see it end.
But, in the end, it was the ground game that made the difference.
Driving voters to voting stations and offering them bottled water as they stood in line, the Democrats got out the votes and they got them out where it counted.
The question now is, what has this election taught the Republicans?
There are at least two clues that, if they're smart, they won't miss.
The first is that Obama won 70% of the Latino vote.
The second is that Romney's electoral fortunes improved markedly when the person  Bill Clinton called "ol' moderate Mitt" showed up.
And the most important lesson of all is that elections are still won on the ground.
The Conservatives have tried very hard to bury the information around their 2011 election campaign.
But the rot keeps bubbling to the surface.
Last week, Elections Canada revealed that Intergovernmental Affairs Minister Peter Penashue exceeded election spending limits by accepting free airplane transportation around his riding.
And, in the same week,  Michael Sona -- who the Conservatives fingered as Mr. Robocall -- told Evan Soloman:
"All the anonymous sources in the world can point the finger at me, but I'm not going to take responsibility for something that I'm not responsible for," Sona said.
"I think that there's some people that maybe had an interest in seeing me take the fall for it."
Then he simply pointed to the size of the operation he was supposed to have spearheaded:
You've got to take a look at the options and just say, you know what, what is the more realistic option here?
That some then-22-year-old guy managed to co-ordinate this entire massive scheme when he didn't even have access to the data to be able to do this, or the alternative — that this was much more co-ordinated or possibly that there were people that knew how to do this, that it was being done?"
"I don't know for sure who it could have been, but I will say this.
It's interesting that you had a bunch of people come out and point the finger at me, officially to Elections Canada, only after my name was leaked to the media by anonymous sources."
Stephen Harper's people play dirty and they play for keeps.
In this morning's Globe and Mail, Lawrence Martin reminds his readers of how they ran the 2011 campaign: The 2011 election was the one triggered when Mr. Harper’s government was found in contempt of Parliament.
There were the vote suppression allegations, Mr. Sona’s statement and Mr. Penashue’s case.
There were people thrown out of Conservative rallies because they were suspected of having ties to other parties, there were the personal attack ads, there was the bogus attempt to paint Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff as an Iraq war planner.
But try as they may, the Harperites can't make the rot go away.
Carol Goar, in today's Toronto Star, writes that two recent reports highlight the new solitudes in Canadian society.
One report comes from the Toronto Dominion Bank, the other from Food Banks Canada.
TD proclaims:
“Canadian corporate balance sheets are solid as a rock,” the bank assured its clients in a special report.
“Unlike households and governments, companies are less vulnerable today than they were heading into the 2007-2008 financial crisis.”
Food Banks Canada reports that: Food bank use has increased 31 per cent since the economy plunged into recession four years ago and it continues to climb.
In the past 12 months alone, an additional 20,000 Canadians turned to charity to eat.
The contrast couldn't be starker.
Goar writes: The two snapshots — one from a Bay Street office tower, one from a Mimico warehouse — depict starkly different Canadas.
Not only are they separated by a yawning income chasm.
Their priorities and values are so far apart that there is no common ground, no basis for conversation.
These reports have been made public as the House of Commons gets set to approve the Canada-China trade treaty which, the government admits, first and foremost protects investors from both countries.
And this week Stephen Harper is in India trying to drum up the same kind of agreement.
It's pretty clear whose interests Mr. Harper is promoting:
Until about a decade ago, politicians acted as a bridge between the two Canadas.
They accepted their responsibility to speak for all of their constituents regardless of socio-economic class or political allegiance.
Today, MPs and MPPs have abandoned that role — with a few honourable exceptions — leaving it to think-tanks, social agencies, unions, voluntary organizations, a few progressive economists and a handful of concerned public figures.
Mr. Harper claims that he is creating jobs.
But the Food Banks report offers some insight into the kinds of jobs he is creating -- "18% of employed Canadians -- almost one in five -- earn less than $17,000 a year."
No country can sustain this kind of inequality.
Mitt Romney has been the ultimate political chameleon.
He has reversed every significant political position he held when he was Governor of Massachusetts.
But, Robert Reich writes, there is a coherent philosophy behind his reversals.
Reich calls that philosophy Romneyism:
Despite its contradictions and ellipses, Romneyism has an internal coherence.
It is different from conservatism, because it does not intend to conserve or protect any particular institutions or values.
It is also distinct from  Republicanism, in that it is not rooted in traditional small-town American values, nationalism, or states’ rights.
Reich goes on to enumerate the ten pillars of Romneyism.
All of them are important.
But the first three are the core upon which the other seven hang:
Corporations are the basic units of society.
Corporations are people, and the overriding purpose of an economy is to maximize corporate profits.
When profits are maximized, the economy grows fastest.
This growth benefits everyone in the form greater output, better products and services, and higher share prices.
Workers are a means to the goal of maximizing corporate profits.
If workers do not contribute to that goal, they should be fired.
If they cannot then find other work that helps maximize profits in another company, their wages must be too high, and they must therefore accept steadily lower wages until they find a job.
All factors of production – capital, physical plant and equipment, workers – are fungible and should be treated the same.
Any that fail to deliver high competitive returns should be replaced or discarded.
This keeps an economy efficient.
Fairness is and should be irrelevant.
What's interesting about these first three pillars is that they are a throwback to the capitalism of the nineteenth century.
This is the capitalism of William Blake's "dark satanic mills."
This is a throwback to Mr. Peabody's coal mines and Mr Carnegie's steel mills.
Romneyism is a hymn to John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil and a complete rejection of Teddy Roosevelt's Square Deal.
Romney -- with his two Harvard degrees -- wants to lead the nation backwards.
This, he says, is his better idea.
Yesterday, Susan Riley published her last column for the Ottawa Citizen; and, in bidding her readers farewell, she revealed a secret:
I am not a Liberal, closeted or otherwise, and never have been.
Nor am I a socialist, a Harper-hater, a feminazi, or a “moronic bimbo” as one discerning reader suggested recently.
Well, not a bimbo for sure.
I would probably qualify as a “radical” environmentalist in official circles, given my early and enduring concern about climate change.
But, for the most part, efforts to categorize my views over the years have been, while often amusing, somewhat off the mark.
Truth be told, Riley has been -- and is -- a voice of reason in a town that has forgotten its purpose.
She sees all sides of an issue; and she has been willing to give credit where credit is due: 
I have also written positively about politicians from all parties.
Favourites among the current crop include the urbane and sane interim Liberal leader, Bob Rae; idealistic, but adroit, New Democrats such as Nathan Cullen and Megan Leslie; fiercely intelligent and independent-minded Green Party leader Elizabeth May, and the new premier of Alberta, Alison Redford, a conservative with a social conscience.
But Riley gave the Harper government no credit for anything remotely redeeming.
In fact, she reserved her most caustic comments for the people who are now in charge: 
Bombastic Dean Del Masto, unctuous Pierre Poilievre, glowering Peter Van Loan and preachy Kellie Leitch, along with John Baird and most of the front bench, are among the worst.
In return for media profile, they will read anything put in front of them, eyes dead, ears closed, rigid as robots.
She long ago figured out who these people are.
And I, for one, will miss her astute observations.
Stephen Harper likes to say that Conservative values are Canadian values.
Lawrence Martin, however, calls that assertion into question.
Recent polls which indicate that we would overwhelmingly vote for Barack Obama -- and that we'd seriously consider Justin Trudeau for the highest office in the land -- suggest that Canadians haven't moved as far to the right as Mr. Harper thinks they have:
Obama’s progressive values strike a chord north of the border, whether they be on social issues, war and peace, health care or the economy.
He speaks to a rational — as opposed to an ideological — way forward.
He speaks a moderate language that sounds quite Canadian — as in the Canada that was, before the arrival of the new Harper Conservatives.
And, although the younger Trudeau has not as yet nade a lot of policy announcements, he's not robotically following in his father's footsteps:
On the second day of his campaign he went to Alberta and trashed his old man’s National Energy Program.
He has been pointed on environment policy and in some other areas.
He has yet to say much on democratic reform but his camp is looking at it as a possible major policy area for him.
He is the candidate of next-generation appeal and a plan to remake Canadian democracy would fit that rubric nicely.
But we shouldn’t hold our breath for him to come out with anything that amounts to much more than tinkering.
It will be awhile before Justin gets specific.
But make no mistake.
When he does get specific, he will accuse Stephen Harper of casting the next generation to the wind.
Mr. Harper will have a hard time deflecting that accusation.
One thing is certain.
Conservative values are Harper values.
Mike Harris once famously referred to his job as being the province's CEO.
Stephen Harper, Frances Russell writes, sees his job as being the nation's CEO.
Under Harper, Canada is becoming a corporate state -- and Parliament is merely an annoyance:
Harper’s contempt for Parliament is systemic and reflexive.
He bundles budgets into huge omnibus bills, trampling the ancient right and duty of parliamentarians to monitor the government’s management of the public purse.
He forces parliamentary committees to operate behind closed doors, presumably to prevent any public washing of dirty government laundry by witnesses or opposition MPs.
Opposition MPs who dare reveal what happens behind those closed doors can be found in contempt of Parliament and so muzzle themselves.
The government's objective is to promote the interests of the corporate class -- whether it be by putting an end to strikes before they begin, or protecting Chinese and Canadian investors in the soon to be approved trade pact with China:
In fact, elevating corporate rights over the rights of citizens and their democratic institutions seems to be the Harper government’s core agenda.
Its aggressive “free trade” stance has led to agreements with Panama, Jordan, Columbia, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland and Honduras.
It’s negotiating with the European Union, India and the Trans-Pacific Partnership — not to mention its groundbreaking 31-year trade deal with China, slated to be signed next week with no parliamentary debate, let alone approval.
Several of these countries are under authoritarian rule.
Russell points to the late Samuel Huntington's 1973 report to the Trilateral Commission.
In the 1960's, he wrote, the world experienced a bout  of "democratic distemper, as people demanded more of government while challenging established authority."
People no longer felt the same compulsion to obey those whom they had previously considered superior to themselves in age, rank, status, expertise, character or talents,” the report continued.
“An excess of democracy means a deficit in governability.
There are potentially desirable limits to the indefinite extension of political democracy.”
Huntington went further, claiming the effective functioning of democracy requires a measure of apathy and non-participation by some groups.
Democracy’s governability was further threatened by the awakening of “previously passive or unorganized groups in the population — blacks, Indians, Chicanos, white ethnic groups, students and women — all of whom became organized and mobilized in new ways to achieve what they considered to be their appropriate share of the action and the rewards.”
What the world needed, Huntington suggested, was more apathy.
Apathy would clear the way for the corporate state.
Stephen Harper has taken the late professor's advice to heart.
Mitt Romney's supporters are engaging in the same kind of perverse politics which the Romney campaign has practiced.
Two days ago, David Brooks suggested that there was an upside to Romney's opportunism: If Americans elect Romney, Brooks wrote, he will work with intransigent Republicans and more reasonable Democrats.
Brooks is not the only one to make this argument.
The Demoines Register has based its endorsement of Romney on the same argument, as has the Orlando Sentinel.
Ezra Klein writes that these endorsements validate Mitch McConnell and John Boehner's policy of unrestrained obstruction:
These endorsements are proving Republicans right.
As they show, the Republican strategy to deny the president any cooperation and make his Washington a depressing and dysfunctional place has done Obama enormous political damage.
In that way, the endorsements get the situation backwards.
However, there is a huge downside to this strategy: If this strategy wins Republicans the election, they’ll employ it next time they face a Democratic president, too, and congressional Democrats will use it against the next Republicans.
Rewarding the minority for doing everything in their power to make the majority fail sets up disastrous incentives for the political system.
If Romney wins the election, respect for the truth in political campaigns will have reached a new low.
But, more ominously, he and the Republicans will have ushered in a new set of political imperatives which will shake the foundations of the American political system.
This entry is cross posted at The Moderate Voice.
With Ontario's Liberals in disarray, Martin Regg Cohn speculates in this morning's Toronto Star about what the province would look like under Tim Hudak:
Hudak still clings to panaceas: Unspecified tax cuts to goose economic growth, ramp up total revenues and magically balance the budget at warp speed.
Note that Hudak never says which taxes he’d cut — a form of Mitt Romney redux on reductions and deductions — just that he wants a “flatter personal income tax structure” that squeezes out the last remnants of progressivity from our system.
Tax cuts would produce a “counter-intuitive” increase in revenues thanks to massive spending by consumers and corporations newly flush with tax money.
Tax cuts, says Mr. Hudak, encourage growth.
But there's a problem:
Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney notes that Canadian corporations are already flush with $560 billion in “dead money” that they’re not investing productively.
Why, when they’re already sitting on such a stash of cash, would Hudak expect them to suddenly start investing any extra money from his tax cuts?
Hudak's vision of the Canadian economy is exactly like Stephen Harper.
Perhaps that's because they share similar academic and career paths:
Hudak, who has a masters in economics, knows better than to promise he can defy the laws of economics by transforming Ontario into a trickle-down uptick.
The Tory leader has never actually worked as professional economist, but as a practicing politician he has some experience in telling people what they want to hear.
It's amazing that this falderol still has a shelf life.
But, after November 6th, Americans may wake and proclaim, "It's alive!"
Here in Canada, Mr. Harper and Mr. Hudak keep trying to electrify the creature.
After the Supreme Court's historic ruling on Etobicoke Centre last week, some commentators applauded the decision as a reaffirmation of Canadians' right to vote.
But Michael Harris points to the minority opinion, written by Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin, which takes issue with the quality of evidence upon which the majority based its decision:
First, the evidence is not relevant to the matter before this Court…after-the-fact information that a non-entitled voter was qualified is not relevant to whether he was entitled to receive a ballot on election day … Votes were set aside in this case because of failures in the registration and identification prerequisites of entitlement.
These cannot be remedied by after-the-fact proofs of qualification…” 
Chief Justice McLachlin’s logic is hard to argue – without the voter establishing his qualifications in an approved manner prior to voting, doesn’t the Act clearly state that he is not entitled to vote?
It does.
But her deadliest analysis was aimed at Elections Canada, the agency that came up with this dubious “fresh evidence” at the eleventh hour of the process.
“The reliability of the evidence is questionable.
All that Elections Canada has done is attempt to discern names that are handwritten in the poll book, and type them into the NROE database [National Register of Electors] to find the closest match.
Some of the names typed in are significantly different from their closest match, suggesting that the person in the NROE is not the person in the polling book.
It is also entirely possible that handwritten names have been misread, or that two individuals have the same name…”
What was at issue in Etobicike Centre was the integreity of the elections process.
It doesn't matter if a candidate wins by a landslide, if the people in charge of elections don't ensure that integrity.
McLachlin argued that Elections Canada was responsible for the problem and a by-election was the best way to set the record straight.
As was the case in Bush v. Gore south of the border, this was not the Supreme Court's finest hour.
Judith Maxwell, former chair of the Economic Council of Canada, tells the Globe and Mail: “People over their forties in Canada have no idea what it’s like for a young person trying to find a pathway to adulthood right now.”
Our present political masters, focused entirely on the next quarter's results, have not given any thought to the next generation:
While young people have always struggled to get established, economists and labour experts say this time is different.
Those in their 20s today are facing far more hurdles than their parents’ generation, and those difficulties are likely to linger, with profound economic consequences for Canada.
There is diminished job security, the growth of temp work, rising costs for food, tuition and housing and record debt levels.
To top it off, young people entering the work force today are far less likely to retire with a company pension than their parents’ generation.
Consider the data: The different playing field for young people today can be measured in a number of ways.
One is the decline of secure jobs: The proportion of 20- to 24-year-olds in temporary positions has climbed steadily, to about 29 per cent this year from 21 per cent in 1997, Statistics Canada data show.
Full-time work is harder to find as well.
Last month, a broader measure of youth unemployment – which includes not only the jobless, but part-timers who would prefer full-time work and people who’ve given up looking for work – hit 19.6 per cent, the highest level for any September in 15 years.
Today's young have been abandoned by their governments.
Our leaders tell us they are focused on the future -- that is why they are cutting spending.
And, all the while, certain that their own retirements are secure, they toss the young under the bus.
The day after the Harper government announced it was limiting debate on its second omnibus budget bill,  Michael Den Tandt wrote in The National Post:
Conservative MPs would like to have more sway within the Harper government.
In unguarded moments some will grouse aloud (but off the record) about the whippersnappers in the PMO, barely out of short pants.
Cabinet ministers can’t much like the fact that, through the Privy Council, this PMO wields influence directly on the senior bureaucracy.
Ministers today are spokesmen and women for the government – not decision makers.
There’s nothing cabinet ministers can do about this though without losing their jobs, or worse.
Former minister Helena Guergis serves as an abject lesson.
The prime minister will stand by most ministers through thick and thin, despite their mistakes: That appears to be the main benefit, for them, of ceding power.
But if and when a minister gets ditched, it’s all the way and for good, with no hope of redemption.
So, forget about seeking reform from within this government.
The truth is that the "Reform" Party never wanted reform.
What they wanted was power.
And, like the man who leads their Republican cousins south of the border, they were willing to say -- and do -- anything to get it.
After they have achieved their objective, Den Tandt writes, they then are caught in a Catch 22 conundrum: "One must have power to effect change.
But having power removes the desire to effect it."
So, when will we get rid of the rot at the centre of Canadian politics?
Only when people change the politicians.
But the people should know that, inevitably, the power they bestow on their representatives will eventually corrupt them.
It is always  the people who must clean house.
The Reformers eventually become The Corrupt.
Some would argue that these Reformers were always the Corrupt.
For those of us who live outside the United States, the angry divide there is profoundly puzzling.
There are, indeed, two philosophies of government at stake in this election.
But the anger suggests that the fault lines run deeper than that.
Eugene Robinson's column in this morning's Washington Post offers an important insight into the battle between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney: "It is too simplistic to conclude," he writes, "that demography equals destiny.
Both men are being sincere when they vow to serve the interests of all Americans.
But it would be disingenuous to pretend not to notice the obvious cleavage between those who have long held power in this society and those who are beginning to attain it.
The United States has changed radically in the last thirty years.
While Republicans were actualizing the Reagan Revolution, there were all kinds of other revolutions taking place:
In my lifetime, we’ve experienced the civil rights movement, the countercultural explosion of the 1960s, the sexual revolution, the women’s movement and an unprecedented wave of Latino immigration.
Within a few decades, there will be no white majority in this country — no majority of any kind, in fact.
We will be a nation of racial and ethnic minorities, and we will only prosper if everyone learns to give and take.
Our place in the world has changed as well.
The United States remains the dominant economic and military power; our ideals remain a beacon for those around the globe still yearning to breathe free.
But our capacity for unilateral action is diminished; we can assert but not dictate, and we must learn to persuade.
While the Reaganites desperately tried to return to the world of Ward and June Cleaver, the ground shifted under their feet.
The presence of an African American in the White House is a daily reminder of how much the ground has shifted.
Republicans dearly hope to accomplish what the late William F. Buckley sought to do in the pages of National Review: to "stand athwart history, yelling stop!" and to "tell the violated businessman's side of the story."
We all have wished to go back to an idyllic past.
Thomas Wolfe, however, understood how the world works.
"You Can't," he wrote, "Go Home Again."
This entry is cross posted at The Moderate Voice.
In a split decision, the Supreme Court today upheld Ted Opitz' win in Etobicoke Centre.
The court reinstated 59 of the 79 votes that Justice Thomas Lederer threw out, reasoning that the only invalid votes were "instances where there was no voter's signature on the registration certificate.
The signature is supposed to be the voter's statutory declaration that he or she is over 18 and a Canadian citizen."
Chief Justice Beverley McLaughlin was in the minority, who would have discarded 65 of the 79 ballots.
The majority on the court held that the discrepancies were merely clerical errors.
There was no attempt, they said, to manipulate the vote.
So the Conservative juggernaut continues.
What is abundantly clear -- both here and in the United States -- is that there is no majority support for the conservative agenda.
That is why, in the U.S. there has been a concerted effort to deny the poor and people of colour access to the voting both.
That is why Mitt Romney now claims he is a moderate -- until after the election.
And that is why Conservatives misdirected voters to the wrong polls in the last election.
Today's ruling does nothing to change any of these things.
The Harper government came to power braying about government accountability.
To ensure that accountability, they established the Parliamentary Budget Office and hired Kevin Page to keep tabs on government spending.
Yet that very same government, Tim Harper writes in today's Toronto Star, has frustrated Mr. Page's attempts to do his job:
Page is preparing to take more than 60 government departments and deputy ministers to court in a bid to force them to provide information on government cuts, information to which he is entitled under the mandate given him by the very government which is now forcing him to the courts.
It speaks to the culture of fear in the capital, this government’s predilection to demonize its opponents and makes a mockery of what is left of its pledge of accountability and transparency.
It speaks to more than that.
It tells a tale of tyranny -- a saga of one man rule.
The prime reason we send our representatives to Ottawa is to review and approve how the government spends our money.
Yet the Harper Conservatives -- in fact, all of our representatives -- will be expected to take the government at its word.. It's their money.
And they are superb managers.
The problem is that Page has consistently shown that they are incompetent managers.
In 2010,
Page questioned the government’s spending on its law-and-order agenda, cast doubt on the infrastructure spending and job creation, and challenged Flaherty’s target for balancing the books.
Last winter, when Page said Old Age Security is properly funded and can continue on its current path with a retirement age of 65, Flaherty dismissed Page’s view as “unbelievable, unreliable, incredible.’’
He has butted heads with the government on the true cost of its troubled F-35 military procurement and its Afghanistan mission.
Jim Flaherty questioned Page's credibility.
And Tony Clement argued that Page was acting outside his mandate.
Flaherty and Clememt are quite prepared to do their master's bidding.
What about those other Conservative MP's?
It's time they held their own government to account -- instead of the other way around.
It's time they stopped living in fear.
Lawrence Martin writes in The Globe and Mail that Canada will soon sign a trade agreement which the Harper government has kept completely under wraps.
And unlike NAFTA -- which can be cancelled on six months' notice -- this deal can only be renegotiated after fifteen years.
The deal may be good for Canada.
The problem is we simply don't know if it's good or bad.
The government's secrecy, however, suggests that we're being flim-flammed.
Gus Van Harten, of Osgoode Hall, believes he smells a rat:
One of the protestations is that national treatment clauses heavily favour Beijing.
The Chinese have far more domestic barriers and restraints to trade than does Canada.
Investors in China are required in many instances to use local suppliers and labour.
Not so investors in Canada.
Another major sore point is the dispute settlement process.
Unlike most other investment pacts, this one allows for settlements behind closed doors.
As incredible as it sounds, Prof. Van Harten says, Chinese asset owners in Canada “will be able, at their option, to challenge Canadian legislative, executive or judicial decisions outside of the Canadian legal system and Canadian courts.
The first piece of legislation the Harper government passed was the "Accountability Act."
It then ignored its own legislation.
And, ever since, it has been operating behind closed doors.
Socrates proclaimed that the unexamined life was not worth living.
Surely, the unexamined treaty is not worth signing.
How do you take the measure of a man's life?
By the standard usually applied to George McGovern, he was one of  America's biggest losers.
After all, in 1972, he lost 49 of 50 states.
But, when I was finishing a masters degree at the University of North Carolina in the summer of 1974 -- when Richard Nixon resigned the presidency -- I began each day passing by a car which bore Massachusetts plates and a bumper sticker which read, "Don't Blame Me."
It seems to me that the real losers of the 1972  election were the American people.
It wasn't that McGovern didn't make mistakes.
After all, he had voted for the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution.
But, a year later, he acknowledged that mistake:
“We are fighting a determined army of guerrillas that seems to enjoy the cooperation of the countryside and that grow[s] stronger in the face of foreign intervention,” he said in a widely noticed Jan. 15, 1965, Senate speech that marked him as the leading Senate pacifist.
“We are further away from victory over the guerrilla forces in Vietnam today than we were a decade ago.”
He then laid out a five-point program for withdrawal from the war.
McGovern's opposition to the war  was based on experience and knowledge.
In World War II, he piloted a B 24 bomber over Europe on 35 missions.
And he held a doctorate in American History from Northwestern University.
The son of a Methodist minister, who was raised on the Social Gospel, McGovern took seriously Christ's command to feed the poor:
In 2001, Sen. McGovern was appointed the first U.N. global ambassador on hunger and published “The Third Freedom: Ending Hunger in Our Time,” in which he proposed a plan to alleviate world hunger by 2030.
In 2008, he and former senator Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.)
shared a $250,000 award from the World Food Prize Foundation for their work combating hunger among children.
He was a man who had known personal tragedy.
His alcoholic daughter, Theresa, collapsed and died in the snows of Wisconsin in 1994.
He understood pain, disappointment and defeat.
And what of that defeat in 1972?
Consider who worked with him on that campaign: Bill and Hilary Clinton were there.
So were Gary Hart, Bob Schrum, Sandy Berger and John Podesta.
If one measures a life, not by the number of battles a person wins or loses, but by what he or she leaves the next generation, then George McGovern's journey on this planet was, indeed, time well spent.
This entry is cross posted at The Moderate Voice.
Some commentators such as Jeffrey Simpson have praised Dalton McGuinty for leaving politics at a time of his choosing, on terms of his choosing.
But there are others -- even Liberals -- who aren't happy about those terms.
Former McGuinty cabinet member and federal leadership candidate Gerard Kennedy is one of them.
"I think people should be certainly questioning why this is in place and I still don’t have any understanding as to why this is necessary," Kennedy told the Globe and Mail.
And there is certainly unhappiness among Ontario voters.
Lori Turnbull also writes in the Globe that:
This is an unnecessary abuse of the Premier’s prerogative to advise the Lieutenant-Governor to prorogue; the surprise adjournment serves no democratic purpose whatsoever and it prevents the legislature from fulfilling its fundamental purpose – to hold the government to account.
Prorogation has become standard procedure in Canadian politics -- and it has been used for purposes for which it was not intended.
Stephen Harper prorogued Parliament in  2008, when he faced a non-confidence vote, and in 2009 when questions about the treatment of Afghan prisoners became impossible for them to handle.This time, Energy Minister Chris Bentley and the premier himself were facing contempt of parliament motions.
Prorogation has become a dodge -- a refusal to be held accountable for one's actions.
It has become a symptom of cowardice.
Amid the cynical furor of Canadian politics, Andrew Coyne singles out four people -- three men and one woman -- who have credibility because they are guided by conscience, not convenience.
Coyne writes:
Politics is about packs; the more ruthless, more disciplined, more pack-like of the parties mauls the others into submission.
It prizes loyalty, not before all other virtues, but to their exclusion.
We hunt together, the aspiring politician is told.
Stick with the pack.
And so each learns to scrape and smear, to manipulate and deceive, to promise one and threaten another, exactly as he is told.
Luckily, there are some people who refuse to run with the pack.
Coyne cites four of them: Parliamentary Budget Officer Kevin Page, Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney, Former Auditor General Sheila Fraser, and her successor Michael Ferguson.
Kevin Page has encountered nothing put stonewalling from the Harperites, who insisted on government accountability:
Various ministers of the government have been sent out to smear him, first claiming he was incompetent, then, when his numbers were borne out, that he was exceeding his authority.
Through it all the PBO has kept digging, kept issuing his reports, kept demanding to see the data to which he is entitled under the law.
And slowly, grudgingly, the government has been forced to yield.
When Mark Carney announces that interest rates will remain stable for fifteen months, people know he means what he says:
That credibility is partly personal, partly institutional.
It is a reputation that has been earned over many years, under both Carney and his predecessors: A Bank of Canada governor does not make promises he will not keep, or say things he knows to be untrue.
More than an expectation, it is almost a definition.
And, when Sheila Fraser accused the Chretien Liberals of breaking "every rule in the book,"
there were furtive attempts to go after her as well.
Whisper campaigns were put about to the effect that she was out of control, that she was embarked on a “witch hunt.”
We recall how that turned out.
Whatever institutional power the government might have possessed, Fraser’s  reputational power demolished it.
It wasn’t even a fair fight.
Finally, there is Michael Ferguson.
He called the F-35 purchase the boondoggle it was:
Even as the government was pretending to accept his findings the former parliamentary secretary to the Defence Minister, Laurie Hawn, was circulating a letter accusing the Auditor General of misunderstanding such basic terms as “acquisition,” of being unable to get basic facts right, even of being “disingenuous.”
But the public knew whom to believe.
All four of these people have been smeared by Canada's elected politicians.
But, despite the attacks, they have credibility.
No one believes our politicians.
At the moment, it's only the people of conscience who stand between us and plutocracy.
Tim Harper reminds his readers this morning that, south of the border, the Hispanic population has exploded.
The community:
has grown 43 per cent over the past decade, and will be 30 per cent of the U.S. population by 2050 (double the size of the African American population).
Mitt Romney has said that his preferred way of dealing with that community is "self deportation."
And Canadian governments have never recognized its existence:
With the most fundamental demographic shift of our lifetimes unfolding before their eyes, successive Canadian governments have blissfully continued traditional relations on traditional matters based on a United States that no longer exists.
There is no evidence that foreign affairs has paid anything more than lip service to the Hispanic explosion south of the border, a cultural and business transformation happening outside the doors of our consulates and embassies, with Canada as spectator.
And that willful ignorance comes at a cost:
By not reaching out to the new Hispanic U.S., Canada is unable to bring its message to this demographic group.
It loses out on tourism, it falls behind on attracting both skilled Hispanic immigrants and temporary foreign workers who pick fruit, work in hotels and, yes, meat packing plants, doing jobs Canadians are unwilling to take.
It means we are missing niche trade and business opportunities because Hispanic buying habits and preferences are different than African Americans.
It means we are not crafting environmental policy that will conform with a segment of the U.S. population which, polling shows, is more protective of the natural environment than Americans as a whole, whether because they are working in environmentally threatening environments or live in areas that are more likely to be fouled by industry.
And it means we are losing the battle for attention from U.S. political and business elites who routinely vacation in Caribbean and Latin American locales where the potential photo-ops are better for business and re-election prospects.
One suspects that the Harper government -- whose neglect of Quebec suggests that it still has trouble with French on the back of Corn Flakes boxes -- doesn't know what the word Hispanic means.
They would do well to read the Washington Post's Richard Cohen, who recently observed that "Hispanic is not Spanish for stupid."
Anyone who ignores Spanish speaking Americans, or hopes they will simply go away, is just that -- stupid.
Very few politicians have the good sense to quit while they're ahead.
And so it was with Dalton McGunity.
Perhaps he figured he would go down to defeat in the last election.
And he would have, if Tim Hudak's Conservatives had not imploded.
In opposition, the party could have renewed itself in the traditional way.
But to almost everyone's surprise, McGuinty almost won a third majority mandate.
One seat may not seem like much.
But, sometimes, it is everything.
Faced with difficult labour negotiations, he needed that one seat to pass a wage freeze.
So he convinced Elizabeth Witmer to resign and went to war with his traditional allies, Ontario's teachers.
It's hard to know who was giving McGuinty strategic advice.
Perhaps he kept his own counsel.
At any rate, it was bad advice.
Faced with the NDP -- which insisted that the government negotiate with its employees -- and the Conservatives -- who wanted to tear up union contracts -- McGunity had no allies.
So he is betting that, by proroguing the legislature and getting out of the way, he can press the reset button.
We'll see how that works out.
Paul Adams correctly analyzes what used to be the Canadian centre:
The modern Liberal party was re-engineered a half century ago by Lester Pearson, who made it into the quintessential party of the “mixed economy”, a formula that was popular across the western world.
The booming private sector would be guided by government, but not consumed by it.
Keynesian fiscal policy would manage the ups and downs of the business cycle and social programs would allow the emergence of a capitalism with a human face.
In its day, this really was a politics of the centre.
It expressed a very broad social and political consensus that extended from labour unions to chambers of commerce.
Working people had good jobs in the private and the public sector, many of them unionized.
They appreciated the additional economic security they got from public health care, old age pensions, and unemployment insurance.
But with the election of Margaret Thatcher, Ronald Reagan and Brian Mulroney, the centre began to shift:
In power after 1993, the Liberal party also moved decisively away from its centrist election platform, which called for “moderate” deficit reduction coupled with new social programs such as day care.
Instead, the government cut funds for social programs, aimed to eliminate the deficit rather than reduce it, and eventually cut debt and taxes.
Significantly, Paul Martin adopted the “no deficit rule” – an explicit renunciation of the Keynesian notion that government fiscal policy should be used to manage the ups and downs of the business cycle.
Jean Chrétien promised in the 1997 election that no more than half of future surpluses would be devoted to tax cuts and debt reduction, but that proved not to be the case.
It all came crashing down with Micheal Ignatieff, who tried to be a politician of the right and the left.
Adams writes that what Ignatieff offered Canadians was policy incoherence.
Now the Liberals are trying to recover.
The Conservatives have staked out a position on the right.
The NDP has staked out a position on the left.
If there still is a viable Canadian centre, perhaps the Liberals will rise again.
