Hey there.
The month of October has come and gone.
That means that another one of you, my faithful readers, will score an easy $5 just for doing what you do here on Metallman's Reverie!
Let's go to the results!
And the winner is...Betty Lee!  Congrats, my friend!
You win money!
Our first ever winner, Christian, started off strong but Betty surged ahead for the win!
The November constest is already underway.
Don't forget to comment, tweet, and all the other good stuff to rack up those points!
Good luck!
Later!
Hey there.
Have you exercised your right to vote, yet?
Whether you back Romney or Obama, we as Americans have the priveledge to go out there and have our voices to be heard.
Too bad that many of us choose to be silent and then complain about the outcome.
While America is out to voting to elect as their leader, I wanted to share this little comic that makes a very strong point for certain mustachioed friend.
lol  Later!
Hey there.
I think it's time to evolve.
Like Pokemon, I am ready to grow and evolve as a blogger.
Yes, I used a Pokemon reference.
lol  Anyways, come March, Metallman's Reverie will be 5 years old.
5!
Last night, I took part in a podcast for the very first time.
And you know what... it was freakin' awesome!
I have contemplated doing something like that before but now, having that first taste of being with a group and conversing over topics, I now know that I definitely want to do a podcast.
I have more than a few ideas that I have already come up with and I'm with talks with friends and family about which idea would be most likely come to fruition.
I want to change it up for you guys and I also would love your opinions.
Not only do I plan on getting a podcast going, I also plan on integrating video posts.
Maybe a retro game review?
A quick video on this week's game releases?
Maybe have some kind of Q&A?  Interviews perhaps?
I would like your input friends!
Comment below and let's see what we can come up with!
Later!
Hey there friends!
The holidays are fast approaching and you do not want to miss out on some of the most awesome gifts availble for the nerd and geek in your life!!!  Anything from 8 bit trinkets to star wars fashion, you'll find unique and awesome holiday gifts in this great holiday gift guide.
The awesome GeekGirlDythia and I compiled this awesome list to make it easier for you.
Personally, I love the Ganon magnet!
I would so rock that on the fridge!
Also, the Mario and Princess picture frame is pretty sweet too.
A picture of the wife and I would go perfect in that!
Check it out and let me know what item you simply have to have!
Good luck!!!
If you like browsing through stores instead of just getting a group, here is the alphabetical listing of each store involved, and a brief explaination of what they carry.
Hey there.
Our good friends at Warner Bros. have reached out to us once again and have provided the opportunity for one of you, Metallman's Reverie readers, to win one extremely awesome giveaway prize!
Who here loves the show Friends?
I love Friends!
Even though the series has been over for quite some time, the wife (who is one HUGE fan) and I watch Friends every night before going to bed.
When this opportunity presented itself, I jumped on it!
Not just because I am a huge fan, but because I know that the show has a strong following and it would be great to offer one of you a very cool prize!
Glad you asked!
All I ask if a little social interaction!
There are two awesome widgets in this post that you should check out!
One of them consists of Friends trivia and "Which Friend are You Quiz."
Come back for the trivia and find out which character of the show you are most like.
You can collect badges as you answer questions!  Try to collect them all!
The second one consists of mashup clips of some all time favorites of the show.
Comments will turn into giveaway entries, my friends, so make sure to use the widget below to enter!
The giveaway will run from now until Nov. 29th.
Winner will be announced on the 30th.
This giveaway is open to US and Canada only.
Sorry international friends.
If the winning entry is from Canada, please be aware that you may be asked to pay for the shipping costs.
Please take that into consideration when entering.
Hey there.
I just renewed my domain name with GoDaddy.com for another 2 years.
I've learned that if you want to be taken somewhat seriuos in this online world, you have to have your own domain name.
More opportunities come your way and it's easier to find your site when it comes to online searches.
For those of you that know me, I'm always looking for a good deal so I was fortunate enough to have a Godaddy .Com domain renewal promo code  to use for Metallman.com!
I added a few promo codes here if you guys are looking for a Godaddy .Net renewal promo code or even a more recent Godaddy .Co renewal promo code.
I'm not the biggest of fans of the .Co since it's just one letter fewer than .Com but hey, I guess we're running out of domain names, right?
lol  Anyways, I was able to find a few more GoDaddy promo codes so feel free to take them and get your domain registered or renewed!
Hey there.
I was recently contacted by our good friends at FixMeStick and was offered an opportunity to try out their latest product:  The FixMeStick.
Let me paint a picture for you.
You're off, browsing the web like we all do, purchased some music, viewed some funny videos, and then... your computer crashes.
Oh man...
You get it load up but you notice it's a little sluggish.
Then there are a few pop ups that don't seem to want to go away.
Worst case scenario, the computer won't even boot up anymore because of the viruses and malware that have infected your computer.
Before you even get a chance to assess the damage, the virus or malware have taken over your computer.
You now consider it "useless" and need to get your tech friend to clean out your computer and hope to have it working soon.
Now, how many times have THAT happened to you?
I can tell you right now that I have cleaned out my fair share of computers and laptops and it can be a tedious task since computer threats have been getting smarter and more difficult to find and eliminate.
The FixMeStick makes this tedious task of virus removal extremely easy!Conventional methods of cleaning out a computer usually requires you to run an antivirus or antimalware program on your computer or laptop.
The problem with this method is that because your operation system is running, you have already given the threat a chance to hide.
After you run your scan, you still have to go through your processes, start up programs, and files looking for something out of the ordinary to make sure you can get rid of it.
Another pain in the butt that you may encounter is that the admin rights have been revoked, making it extremely difficult to make changes to your computer.
When that happens, it's almost as if you don't have access to the computer when you are not allowed to run programs!
It severely handicaps you in your battle against malware and viruses.
The more technically inclined may be able to get around this but trying to run a program off a CD or USB flash drive.
The problem there is that this method does not guarantee a legitamite scan of your computer.
So how does the FixMeStick work?
It's quite genius, actually.
When you run the FixMeStick program, you are running it off of a basic Linux/Ubuntu based operating system.
Because your infected operating system never boots up, any threats on your computer never had the chance to start up and hide itself.
The powerful megascan (is that name taken yet?
lol) is powered by 3 of the top names in internet security, Vipre, Sophos, and Kaspersky, so you know that any malicious threats will be eliminated when found.
When the program first starts, it will ask for to connect to an internet connection.
This internet connection is for definition updates.
I strongly suggest that you update the definitions each time but it's not necessary.
You can still run FixMeStick without it.
Once the scan is finished, you'll have your computer back and fully functional!
Really, how awesome is that?!  How easy was that?!  Before the FixMeStick, I would spend an afternoon scanning, updating, searching, researching, and re-scanning trying to get all of the infections off a computer.
It could really be time consuming.
With the FixMeStick, I've never before cleaned out a computer so quickly.
It's a must have for anyone that prides themselves in computer care and maintenance!
In simple terms, the FixMeStick is THE BEST solution for eliminating malicious threats on any PC!!!  It's so easy that even a non geek can use it!
lol
To be fair, I did run into a small snag when I first tried out the FixMeStick.
About 5 minutes into running the program, it stopped unexpectedly.
I tried restarting the FixMeStick, as suggested, but nothing.
I was a little discouraged at first and reached out to their tech support.
Within an hour or so, I received an Email from them and 10 minutes later, the FixMeStick was up and running without any additional issues.
Huge props to their tech support for solving my issue quickly.
Being a tech guy myself, it's frustrating when your new gadget doesn't work properly and it was quite a relief to know that the FixMeStick tech support jumped on my issue right away and solved it within minutes.
Now... who wants one of these bad boys?!?!
The awesome people at FixMeStick not only provided a stick for me to review, but offered to provide one to one of you, my faithful readers!
You know what that means?!?!?  GIVEAWAY TIME!
This giveaway will run from now until Nov. 15th and will be open to everyone.
Please be aware that international winners will be asked to pay for shipping cost so please take this into consideration before entering.
Good luck!
Hey there.
Who's looking to score on some awesome deals?
Who wants to get the stuff they want at a discounted price?
Who doesn't like feeling like a winner?
We've all seen the ads for penny auctions and their promises for awesome stuff for pennies on the dollar.
The problem with those penny auction sites, though, is that you have to purchase bids and once you use them and don't win the auction, you're out of luck.
Not only do you NOT get what you wanted but you lose out on the money you paid for the bids.
This is where DealDash is different!
DealDash is the fair, honest, and risk free alternative to those penny auction sites.
How so?
Well, you will be bidding on stuff for pennies on the dollor, BUT... you can do it risk free.
If you’re a first time bidder on DealDash and use all your bids without winning a single auction, DealDash will return all the bids from your first bid pack purchase, for free, to give you a second chance!
Bidding on DealDash is also risk free thanks to the Buy it Now option.
If you don’t win the auction, you can buy the item you were bidding on for its regular price and get back all the bids you used in that auction for free.
This way you not only get the desired item, you don't lose the bids and can use them again to try and win another auction.
Deal Dash offers a no questions asked 100% money back guarantee on your first purchase.
If you are not satisfied for any reason, DealDash will refund your entire first purchase – no questions asked!
Feel like a winner and join the longest running auction site in the US.
It's longest running for a reason, friends!
If you are looking to feel like a winner, DealDash is the place for you!
Later!
Hey there.
Last week's episode was pretty cool and this week's was even better.
If you are not watching AMC's The Walking Dead then you must not like great television entertainment.
lol  Anyways, the third season started with plenty of excitement and this episode definitely continued down that trend.
We finally got a glimpse of another group and we find out what ends up happening to Herschel.
If you haven't seen this episode, step away and check it out.
There will be SPOILERS in this post.
Now here are my thoughts on...
So the people that Rick's group encounters are actual prison inmates.
Turns out that they were locked in the prison food storage area and were left in there by a guard in an attempt to protect them from the outbreak of zombies that entered the prison.
I want to believe that they really were inmates but a part of me thinks that there is more to them.
The leader of the inmate group, Tomas, was very edgy knew his way around the prison very well.
It could be that he was in there for a long time or it could be that he and his group's job was to patrol the prison for outsiders.
Why do I think this?
Tomas claimed they were in the food closet for a good 9 months or so, yet, when Rick and the inmates agree to split the food down the middle, the place is stacked with food.
If they were in there for so long, I do not believe that there would have been so much food in there.
Then again... it is feeding a prison but I figured that food supplies would replenish what was lost.
But the big question is... if they were trapped inside a supply closet, who let them out???
Carl is beginning to show himself to be a little bad ass himself.
Last week's episode showed him carrying a gun and providing cover fire for Rick.
This week, he goes off by himself to look for an infirmary to look for medical supplies, killing 2 walkers like it was no big thing.
Lori tore him a new one but Carl, being the only child in the group, is probably trying to prove himself to be an asset to the group.
No one told him to go look for supplies, he went off on his own and we do not see any of it.
It's just brought up for a minute or two and that was all it took to see Carl in a whole new light.
His intentions may mean well, but that carelessness may lead him and possibly the group into some trouble down the road.
I also wanted to bring some focus on Rick's character.
I noticed that Rick makes decisions for the group and that is that.
He, alone, made the decision to cut off Herschel's leg and the show made a conscience effort to show the group's silence before Rick grabbed the medical ax.
When the group confronts the inmate group, Rick is clearly the alpha male and asserts himself so.
He doesn't give in to the demands of the inmates and actually deals for half of the food supply in exchange for "house cleaning."
During the episode, we see Rick kill Tomas and we see him show no mercy to another inmate that runs off and runs into a group of walkers.
Rick locks him outside and lets the walkers have his way with him.
Eerily similar to how Shane walked away from Otis.
Also, at the end of the episode, Lori and Rick have a very brief heart felt moment.
Rick almost immediately recognizes it and squashes it goes any further.
Again, Rick walks away and leaves Lori distraught.
Carl is beginning to show himself to be a little bad ass himself.
Last week's episode showed him carrying a gun and providing cover fire for Rick.
This week, he goes off by himself to look for an infirmary to look for medical supplies, killing 2 walkers like it was no big thing.
Lori tore him a new one but Carl, being the only child in the group, is probably trying to prove himself to be an asset to the group.
No one told him to go look for supplies, he went off on his own and we do not see any of it.
It's just brought up for a minute or two and that was all it took to see Carl in a whole new light.
His intentions may mean well, but that carelessness may lead him and possibly the group into some trouble down the road.
I also wanted to bring some focus on Rick's character.
I noticed that Rick makes decisions for the group and that is that.
He, alone, made the decision to cut off Herschel's leg and the show made a conscience effort to show the group's silence before Rick grabbed the medical ax.
When the group confronts the inmate group, Rick is clearly the alpha male and asserts himself so.
He doesn't give in to the demands of the inmates and actually deals for half of the food supply in exchange for "house cleaning."
During the episode, we see Rick kill Tomas and we see him show no mercy to another inmate that runs off and runs into a group of walkers.
Rick locks him outside and lets the walkers have his way with him.
Eerily similar to how Shane walked away from Otis.
Also, at the end of the episode, Lori and Rick have a very brief heart felt moment.
Rick almost immediately recognizes it and squashes it goes any further.
Again, Rick walks away and leaves Lori distraught.
Hey there.
Guess who scored a free copy of Risen 2 by Deep Silver?!?!  Yup, this guy!
I entered a Twitter contest not too long ago and about a week or so ago, I get a direct message on Twitter saying that I'm a winner.
How awesome is that?!?!  I've enter all kinds of stuff online and what not and I rarely win anything.
I think this may be one of the first things that I have actually won online!
And it's a game!
I'll admit that I haven't cracked open this bad boy but I'll definitely be popping it my Xbox 360 tonight!
I included the above picture because... well... why not.
lmao!
First, I thought it was cool that the Risen 2 game came in the mail on the same day as the Game Informer with Dead Island Riptide on the cover.
It made me believe that some way, some how, Deep Silver made sure I got it with another Deep Silver for me to read up on.
Secondly, the wife asked why I make "goofy" faces in my pictures.
First things first, my dear...
I do not believe my face is goofy and... what's wrong with goofy faces?
lmao  Just wanted to share that small conversation between the wife and I.  Actually, most of our conversations can be summed up that way.
It's one the reasons why I love her.
I haven't played any of the Risen games.
What do you guys think of them?
Good, bad?  Worth spending a generous amount of time on?
Let me know!
Later!
Hey there.
FINALLY!!!
A release date for Bioshock: Infinite!
It was supposed to be out early this year... then it was supposed to be late this year and now...  it's February 26, 2013!
I can't wait!
I preordered this bad boy well over a year ago and when it was pushed back I was discouraged.
Good thing I only placed $5 to "hold the game" at that point in time.
There will be 2 collector's editions available for the game:  The Premium Edition and the Song Bird Edition.
That's a pretty damn good haul if you ask me.
And it's only $80.
I think this is a good buy if you plan on getting upgrades for the game anyways.
Those usually run you about $10 so if you add another $10 that you would have spent anyways, you can get some pretty neat stuff!
Let's be honest here, the majority of us will end up getting the Premium Edition BECAUSE it's $80... but for those of us with extra cash to spend will WANT the Song Bird Edition.
How freakin' awesome is that?!?!
The man that visualized Sander Cohen, the Little Sisters, the System Shock cover and the Song Bird itself, DESIGNED THE STATUE!!!
If that's not a Bioshock's fan's wet dream, I don't know what is!!!
The Song Bird Collector's Edition will run you about $150 and it's a pretty steep price for a game...  BUT LOOK AT THAT STATUE!!!
I want...
I probably won't get it... but I sooooooo want it.
The collector's editions should be available in most of the retails stores with preorders starting shortly.
They are limited edition so I say you snatch it up before they are gone!
So what are you a huge Bioshock fan?  Are you planning on ponying up your cash for any of the Collector's Editions?
I know I will!
Later!
Hey there.
The year of fitness continues!
I came out of the Gladiator Rock'n Run a little bruised up and sore as hell but felt extremely good and proud of myself.
Now, the next challenge awaits!
The Mud Factor 5K Obstacle course!
Only this time, the wife will also participate.
It's going to be her first mud run so I'm making sure that she'll be ready to handle the course and I'll help her where I can.
I can't wait for this one to go down!
The only problem???  It's in San Bernadino...  That's about an hour drive away from Los Angeles.
I don't mind driving... but when I know it's a long trip I turn into a little kid and wonder when we'll get there.
lol  Anyways, I'm looking forward to going out there and earning my third medal of the year!
I CAN'T WAIT!!!
Any of you Southern California friends going to be at the Mud Factor mud run?
Time to turn up the workouts to 11 and get ready for another mud filled day of obstacles!!!  Later!
Hey there.
I wanted to give a shout out to the winner of the God of War Saga giveaway.
The winner, Persist, made a special request upon winning the giveaway.
He entered to win, but couldn't wait and ended up buying the game before he was chosen as the winner.
In lieu of the game, we decided on a $30 PSN network card.
I want to keep my winners happy, you know.
lol  You can't really provide a picture of PSN codes so I told him that I would give him a winners post regardless!
Persist can be followed on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and many other social media outlets.
He's created quite a few music videos that are pretty awesome.
If you love the hip hop scene, you should check out his music at PersistMuzik.
Congrats, Persist!
Hope you stick around and enjoy the site!
Later!
When I first started this blog many moons ago, I looked around for ways to earn a few extra bucks from it.
I remember getting my feet wet in programs like ProjectWonderful and CMF ads.
When I learned that it could all be so easy if I just signed up with Google AdSense, I did and it was great.
I remember earning close to $30 my first month and I was pretty excited about that.
I told myself that my blog is still a nobody site and if I were to have better than decent traffic, my Google AdSense earnings would multiply!
Then... just like that, my account was disabled.
WHAT!?!?!?!  I was extremely disappointed.
I appealed but I got nowhere.
And the worst part is that they do not offer you an explanation.
They simply state that they cannot provide any details at this moment.
I do not like that answer.
If there is something wrong, whether it's my fault or not, I would like to know!
How else am I going to fix the problem?
Do I have offensive material on my site?
Did an inappropriate ad display on my site?
Were there invalid clicks?
Tell me what was/is the problem?!?!
I never found out.
Fast forward close to 5 years later and I reapplied for Google AdSense.
After another site review, I was accepted!
Oh happy days are upon us!!!  Then... 2 days later, my account was suspended...  AGAIN!
WHAT!?!
And again, for reasons unknown.
What really upset me this time around, though, was that my site was reviewed and got the OK from Google Adsense a mere 2 days BEFORE being disabled!
If there was something wrong with my site, why would they OK it only to disable it a mere 2 days later???
If there was invalid activity or anything of that sort, I would like to have ways of preventing it.
It seems a little unfair, though, that my account could be disabled for something that I have no control over.
I do not promote ad clicking what so ever and something tells me that wasn't it the reason my account would be disabled.
2 clicks in a span of 3 days and earnings of $2.35 doesn't seem to warrant any red flags from Google AdSense.
At least that's how I see it.
I also looks at the ads that I am currently displaying and I don't see anything that would be deemed as offensive.
I have practically removed all advertising on my site, except for the Spartan Race Ads and the IZEA Media Ads that I run.
I know that there was a problem with IZEA some time ago but that has been taken care of and unless muddy people are offensive, I don't see why the Spartan Race ads would be a cause for concern.
The last thing that I could think of was content.
Do I not have enough content on my site?
This is not a "junk" site, as I have read in the Google AdSense Policies and Procedures.
I have giveaways, reviews, opinions, and some laughs every Friday.
I think that my audience is engaging enough where comments are left and I have met new friends through those means.
I'm almost certain that my account wouldn't be disabled due to inactivity.
So what else could it be?
Could it be that Google just doesn't want to pay out and uses this mysterious means of disabling accounts as a way to cut down the number of accounts?
It can be the most frustrating thing since you get no warning at all.
One day, you're displaying ads and feeling good about your website and the next thing you know, the ads are not displaying and you receive an Email from Google AdSense disabling your account.
I would prefer to receive a warning Email telling me was detected.
You don't want to pay me for the day or two of what you claim to be suspicious activity, fine.
I'll take that.
I would rather have that than to get the silent treatment from Google.
At least I'll know what the problem is and I won't get paid until it's taken care of.
Disabling accounts without a clear cut reason leaves us to our imagination and when I, as a blogger, feel that I am doing things right and my Google AdSense account will STILL get disabled, my imagination is starting to give Google some dirty looks.
I've been without Google AdSense for years, I don't need it on my blog, but it would be nice to have the top dog in advertising displaying their ads on your site.
There are others out there that are not as good, but I know I won't have my account disabled for phantom reasons.
Have you guys ever had your Google AdSense account disabled?
If so, did you manage to get them to reinstate it?
I've appealed their decision and am still waiting to hear back but after 2 days, I have not received a response.
Later!
Hey there.
My year of fitness reached a new level last Saturday.
I completed my second obstacle course and the Gladiator Rock'n Run was BRUTAL!
It was a lot tougher than I thought it would be.
I spent a lot of time at the gym the following month trying to level up my fitness stats.
I focused more on endurance than anything else and it definitely paid off.
There were long stretches of jogging in between the obstacles and I'm sure that it was designed that way so that you reach them feeling pretty drained.
Nevertheless, I loved it and would definitely be heading back next year for round two!
Let me tell you about my experience.
The event took place in the world famous Rose Bowl.
If you haven't been before, it's a pretty neat place to for a run.
There were plenty of people there out for their morning jogs along the Gladiator Run path.
Also, I LOVED the fact that they had live bands playing for the crowd.
Personally, I liked the Stone Temple Pilot tribute band, Core, the best.
They played some pretty awesome STP songs that pumped up the crowd.
Once I received my race bib, timing chip, and cool Affliction T shirt, I was ready to go.
I started to head towards the starting line and waiting for some words of encouragement from Dan "Nitro" Clark.
If you guys remember seeing the ORIGINAL American Gladiators, you'll remember seeing Nitro knocking people out with those jousting sticks.
He was one of the gladiators on the show!
Anyways, once he pumped up the participants and the horn sounded, we were off.
After a short sprint, I ended up at the steps of my first challenge.
Literally...  77 flights of stairs.
Up... then down... then up again... then down again... and up one more time... and down one last time.
IT WAS BRUTAL!
My quads were burning and my calves were bulging!
I pushed through and hoped that I didn't trip and fall down while going down the steps.
lol  I saw many of the participants take it slow.
People that looked way more fit than me were getting tired.
I was surprised that I managed to finish the steps near the top of my wave.
I felt good.
After another short sprint, mud was introduced.
I had to crawl under some barbed wire, in the mud, and through a few short tunnels.
We then had to climb over monster truck tires and hopped over a few logs.
Then it was a long sprint towards a few 7 feet walls that we had to climb over.
Shortly after that was the rope climb.
I was dreading the climb.
I'm not the strongest of guys and I knew that it would take a lot of upper body strength to get to the top of the rope and tag the bell.
The rope was about 15 feet high.
I managed to get up the rope... my outstretched arm a mere inch away from the bell.
I felt my grip beginning to give way and with one last push, I managed to reach up there and ring the bell.
YES!
I felt GREAT after that.
I was very proud of myself.
I'm afraid of heights and I tend to freeze up when my feet are not on the ground.
I knew this obstacle was coming and I tried to prepare myself mentally for it.
Once I overcame that fear and obstacle, I felt unstoppable.
The adrenaline was rushing through me and I knew I was going to finish strong.
Another long sprint before I reached the next obstacle.
I had to crawl in the dark for a good 50 to 100 feet.
It was hot, it was dusty, and it sucked.
The volunteers warned us that it would be very hot and would not recommend you to do it if you felt winded.
I was up for the challenge.
I dove right in and went for it.
Once I emerged from the other side, I heard more than a few cheers from the volunteers.
I was feeling it!
After another long sprint, I reached the pool.
I learned from my previous encounter with a pool!
I took my glasses off and held them in one hand before I jumped in.
The obstacle was to dive under 3 rows barrels before emerging at the end.
No big deal, right?
WRONG!!!
The water was FREEZING COLD!!!!
The moment you jumped in, you stopped moving!
Many participants were taken by surprise by how cold that water was.
I told myself that the longer you were in the water, the colder you got, so I moved through that pool as fast as I could.
Once I got to the end, I started running to warm myself up.
It took a minute but man...
I still can't get over how cold that water was!
The next obstacle were the dumpsters!
We had to climb into and over several metal dumpsters.
It was much more difficult than you would think.
They were wet (from everyone getting out of the pool) and they were full of participants struggling getting over.
I helped a few people get over and I received a hand or two getting over a few myself.
By this time, everyone is drained and team work was beginning to play a crucial part.
When I could help, I did.
I got through the six dumpsters or so and headed off!
I could finally see the beginning of the course!
I'm almost there!!!
I carried a 20 lb sandbag around a small shack, and then headed to the muddiest trench I have ever seen.
We had to crawl under barb wire in the mud and that was for at least 100 feet.
I stayed low, but I felt my legs and knees hit rocks and what not.
But again, being so close to the finish line, adrenaline took over and shook off that pain!
Right after that, you had to "monkey bar" your way across a small area full of hay.
That obstacle was nearly impossible to complete.
Everyone is wet and muddy and the metal bars were slippery.
I saw men and women constantly slip off of them and hit the floor.
I gave it a go and met the same fate.
Knowing that I wouldn't be able to finish it without slipping off, I decided to do the 10 burpee penalty before moving on.
As I jogged to the final 2 obstacles, I see my support system!
My wife and son were cheering me on!
I felt rejuvenated and charged toward the cargo climb.
Heights... ugh....
I pushed the fear aside and climbed over that bad boy.
Then... came The BEAST.
A steep wooden wall that needed conquering.
Many tried to do it on their own and many failed.
Others stayed at the top of the wall to help those, like myself, over the wall.
When I finally reached the top, I felt relieved!
I crossed the finish line and was greeted with high fives and a finishers medal!
I got to my wife and son and gave em each a kiss.
I DID IT!!!!  AND IT WAS AWESOME!!!!
I took the souvenir picture and bought it because yeah.
lol  We stuck around, listened to some music, I grabbed a beer, and then headed out.
Thanks for the invite, Gladiator Rock'n Run!
It was fun and I highly recommend those that are looking for a challenge to go out there and do it!
I hope to do it again next year and if you decide to join, let me know!
We'll prove the world that we're gladiator tough together!
Later!
Hey there.
I was just offered the opportunity to provide you guys with another great giveaway!
This time, from our good friends at Warner Bros. have offered to provide a Dark Shadows movie Combo Pack (Blu Ray, DVD, and UV Digital copy), starring Johnny Depp and directed by Tim Burton, to you guys, my fine readers!
The only thing that I ask is for a little interactive fun.
Below is the official Dark Shadows app.
Click, browse and share what you find in the app.
The only mandatory entry that I ask of will be to share what the Horror Scope has to say about your birthday!
Here's mine!
Tyranian Taurus!
I like the sound of that!
So what's yours?
Click on the app below and find out!
And don't forget to enter to win using the giveaway widget!
This will be a quick draw giveaway and will be open for a little over a week.
Giveaway ends on Oct. 15th and the winner will be contacted on Oct. 16th.
Make sure to share the giveaway since PunchTab offers bonus entries that those who share!
Good luck!
Later!
Hey there friends.
I saw The Hunger Games film not too long ago and even though I hear that the book is superior to the film, I enjoyed the movie quite a bit.
It may be the fact that I love competition and a competition to the death is right up my alley.
When I get a chance, I plan on reading the books.
Because I'm a Kindle Fire owner, I have access to the borrowing library at the Amazon book store.
It's great, I can borrow a book a month.
I grabbed The Hunger Games and my 11 year old daughter blazed right throught it!
She's already finished Catching Fire and is now reading Mocking Jay.
I guess these books are the real deal!
Anyways, our good friends at Film Book are offering The Hunger Games on Blu Ray.
The giveaway will run from now until Oct. 21st.
3 winners will be selected to receive their own copy of the The Hunger Games on Blu Ray shortly after that!
You can enter the giveaway by using the widget below.
You can also score additional entries and reading all the terms and conditions in the original post.
So tell me, which one of the 3 books is your favorite?
Or are you waiting to catch the story in movie theaters?
Later!
Hey there.
Swagbucks is in the Halloween spirit and is kicking off the month of October with a great way to earn extra swagbucks!
Starting today, Oct. 3rd, they holding their most ghastly contest between 2 teams:  Zombies vs. Vampires!
Which team are you a part of?
Here's a little bit more from Hal, the Swag Guy:
"Swagbucks puts the "treat" in Trick or Treat with its latest team challenge: Zombies vs. Vampires.
Starting Oct 3rd through the rest of the month, this ghastly team challenge will make your Daily Earning Meter more rewarding and help you earn reward points towards free stuff.
Every day from the start of the challenge, you can win a point for your team by completing your Daily Ghoul.
Whether your a zombie or vampire, score points fro your team to be declared the ultimate monsters."
What?
Not signed up yet?
Well, get to it, friends!
I've already earned multiple Amazon gift cards and I have more just within my reach.
I've been assigned to the Zombie team and I'm ready to kick some butt and earn me some more Swagbucks!
See you there!
Later!
Hey there.
See that button up there?
That is the official button of NoMore.org.
The awesome group behind a strong movement to stop domestic violence and sexual assault.
It's a great cause to get behind.
No one should have to go through something as painful and traumatizing as domestic abuse or sexual assault.
I come from a bad neighborhood in South Los Angeles and it was not uncommon to see or hear violence out in the streets.
On certain nights I would see a man and a woman yelling and fighting outside of their house.
I had friends that were sexually assaulted as kids and it took a great deal of therapy to help them get through that kind of trauma.
I've seen it first hand and during my school days, I helped friends where I could.
Now, as an adult, as a father, I can do more.
Being a Dad is tough job.
No instruction manual, no nothing.
You try to do your best to teach your kids right from wrong... but not every one has the same idea of what is right from wrong.
If you grow up and learn bad tendencies, you are more than likely to pass those tendencies on to your children.
That is why parents need to be informed.
That is why as parents, you need to be able to talk to your kids and have intelligent conversations about the topic at hand.
My son is at the age where girls will start to grab his attention.
Being 13, hormones are raging and "the talk" is on the horizon.
During that talk, I plan on adding the importance of treating his dates with respect.
Every person on this planet deserves to live their lives without the fear that someone out there could assault them.
It just shouldn't happen.
Join me in my fight to help stop domestic violence and sexual assault.
Grab the badge and display it on your website as a show of support for those that have been victimized.
The more the word spreads, the more ears that hear (or eyes that see) will learn that about NoMore.org and educate themselves and those around them about domestic violence and sexual assault.
Really, guys, the violence needs to end.
I don't want to worry that my kids, your kids, or anyone that we may know may one day be a victim.
Later!
Hey there.
Who is ready for another giveaway?!?!
This one for the gamers out there!
Who wants to win this awesome NVIDIA 3D Vision 2 Wireless Glasses Kit???
I have partnered up with our good friend Lucy at Love, Lucy and I have managed to bring this awesome giveaway to fruition.
So what are they?
These glasses will provide you with some of the best there is in 3D technology.
With lenses at least 20% larger than most 3D glasses, you can actually wear your prescription glasses under these NVIDIA 3D glasses!
They connect to your display via it's built in IR receiver and with over 60 of battery life, you won't have to stop during your game session or movie night!
The conveniently charge through a 2.0 USB port and if you aboslutely have to, you can charge and use them at the same time.
How awesome is that!
Now, I do have to point out that you WILL need a display that offers 3D capabilities.
You cannot wear these glasses and magically turn every monitor into a 3D monitor.
If being used on a computer or laptop, you will need a 3D display capable video card.
Other than that, these should work with any 3D vision ready displays.
Also, this is a single pair of glasses.
I don't want anyone to be confused by the number 2 in the giveaway.
The kit includes a single pair of 3D glasses.
So who's ready to enter?
The giveaway is open to US and Canadian residents and will run from now until Nov. 25th.
The winner will be announced shortly after that.
If the winner is from our neighbor up north, the winner will have to pay all shipping costs.
Good luck friends!
Later!
Hey there.
This weekend, I took the family to the Los Angeles County Fair (I'll have a post on our trip real soon) and while there, I stumbled across the hottest chicken wings in the world.
Hmmm...
I know that many of these fairs boast some pretty outrageous claims, but you know what...
I love chicken wings and when it comes to spicy food, I don't mind trying new things.
We first passed by the sign shortly after we arrived at the fair and as we enjoyed the fair, I mulled over whether or not I would like to take on that challenge.
As our day came close to an end, we walked by the sign once again.
As we were walking towards the parking lot, it was the wife that mentioned the chicken wings and whether or not I wanted to try them.
At that point, I knew I was going to dive in.
Here is my story told by pictures!
So yeah, that's what happened.
lol  They gave me gloves to eat the wings because they said that spices used to make them stay on your fingers long after you eat the wings.
If you were to touch your skin, eyes, or nose with your fingers, you run the risk of burning yourself.
Sounds like some serious business to me.
Even with the gloves on, I made sure that I used one hand to hold the tray and use napkins with and the other was strictly for eating the wings.
This would minimize the risk of me getting chile on the kid's stuff or my eyes or anywhere else where it doesn't belong.
I didn't want a repeat of the "Atomic Incident."
I remember this one time, I ordered some Atomic Wings from Wingstop (I heard from a friend that they were pretty hot so I wanted to try them out) and I made the mistake of rubbing my eye while eating.
If you've ever had chile in your eye, this was much worse.
lol  It burned for close to 20 minutes and those 20 minutes were nonstop eye cleansing minutes.
My eye was on fire and I could not get it took FOREVER to get it to stop.
It sucked.
The deal with the "hottest chicken wings in the world" were not so much the spiciness but the "fumes" that emanate from them.
When you bring the chicken wing up close to eat, if you breathe in, you inhale the fumes and they BURN your insides.
This causes the crying and over all "spicy" reaction.
I inhaled on that first one and it got me good.
After that, I learned to hold my breath for 2 seconds while I bring it up to my mouth to chew.
No probs after that.
They were hot though, and I want to say that an ingredient involved sped up my heart rate because I felt it racing when I finished them all.
That would explain why the sign said, "18 and older only."
Anyways, I saw a challenge and I conquered it.
I have other foodie challenges that I have my sights set at.
Once I go through those challenges, I'll make sure to tell you all about them!
So tell me, friends... what's the hottest food you've ever had?
Did it have you crying like a baby?
lol  I would love to hear about it.
Later!
Hey there.
Last month, I announced that I would give a $5 prize to the top points earner on Punchtab.
It's my way of rewarding you guys for tweeting, commenting, +1inning, liking on FB, and visiting.
Punchtab will award you 100 points for doing any of those actions and at the end of the month, I'll review the leaderboard and award the top spot a $5 cash prize via PayPal or a $5 Amazon giftcard.
Not all of us have Paypal so an Amazon giftcard is a good alternate.
If there is a tie, I'll assign a number to the top spots and have random.org
select the winner for me.
So let's get to it!
Our first winner is...	Christian Ampoloquio!  Congrats, my friend!
You win money!
2nd place missed the prize just 100 points!
So close!
The new month starts today and we'll see who will take the top spot on Nov. 1st!
Don't forget to comment, tweet, and all the other good stuff to rack up those points!
Good luck!
Later!
Hey there.
Who loved the movie, The Avengers?
I know I did.
It was part of an awesome class of super hero movies that were released this year.
I thought that only the latest Batman film surpassed The Avengers when it comes to heroes vs villains.
Anyways, I have teamed up with our good friends at Film Book to bring you the opportunity to score Marvel's The Avengers (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo in Blu-ray Packaging)!
I love watching movies in the theaters when they first come out but what I really love about owning the film in Blu Ray or DVD is the extras that you get.
I get all geeked out about all the behind the scenes type stuffs and the audio commentary during the movie is my absolute favorite!
You can enter the giveaway here on Metallman's Reverie using the rafflecopter below.
You can also gain additional entries by check out the giveaway post at Film Book!
The best part???
There will be THREE winners!
Giveaway ends at 11:45 EST on Nov. 20th and a winner will be contacted shortly after that!
Good luck, friends!
Hey there friends.
I reached out to Samantha but she didn't reach back.
Too bad, Samantha, you WERE the winner.
Because I didn't hear back from you within the 5 days that I gave you to respond, it's time to pick a new winner!
And the winner is... AIMEE!
You are my NEW winner!
Congrats!!!
I have already sent out an Email to Aimee and she has until the end of the Oct. 6th to respond or I will be forced to pick another winner... AGAIN!
Thanks once again for all that entered and stay tuned for upcoming giveaways!!!  Later!
Hey there.
Have you ever had your identity stolen?
It sucks.
I should know.
I've been battling with credit card companies over the validity of some credit cards that were opened under my name and it has been an extreme pain.
I've battled for well over a year or so, sent in letters, asked for proof, called constantly, and even after all that, these credit card companies still claim that those cards are mine and those charges are mine.
And those are just the beginning of the problems.
Each month those cards sit there unpaid are points being knocked off your credit score.
A bad score is detrimental to plans of owning a home or obtaining credit elsewhere!
The long term ramifications of having your identity stolen could take years before you are fully recovered!!!
So how did these people manage to steal my identity?
I don't know...  but considering the numerous ways that you identity can be stolen, you need to have someone who has your back.
You need someone like LifeLock protecting you.
So what is LifeLock?
To put it bluntly, it's identity theft protection.
It's as simple as that.
They monitor your identity and will notify you when your identity has been used to open accounts under your name.
Whether it be a cell phone or credit cards, LifeLock will catch it, notify you and if it's not yours, BLOCK IT.
They also offer internet monitoring.
And good thing too.
Many of us go online with our personal information when we purchase goods, services, and gifts.
It's just the way of life now in this digital world.
And despite the encryption protection that many websites offer, a news story breaks out that a website/server was hacked into and personal information for 100,000s of people have been compromised.
Going through that mess, it's tough to go it alone.
If that were happen, LifeLock has you covered.
They will contact the reporting agency, they will monitor your credit for any suspicious activity and they will save you time and money to make sure that your life will not be disrupted.
How dedicated is LifeLock?
They will offer you thier $1 Million Total Service Guarantee.
LifeLock will spend up to $1 Million to hire the best lawyers, investigators, and consultants to protect YOU.
The majority of us don't have a million laying around in case we need it.
It's good to know that a company like LIfeLock will back up their service with a guarantee like that.
Just to drive the point home, let me through some numbers at you.
So what kind of steps can you take to protect yourself?
How hack-friendly is your password?
A 6 character password can be cracked by professional hacker in well under a second.
That is just insane!
You need to make sure to include special characters and numbers in your password.
A 10 character password with special characters and numbers can take up to 20 days for a professional hacker to crack.
I'm sure that if they can't crack it within a couple of seconds, they'll move on to someone with a less secure password.
Imagine how quickly and easy it could be for a professional hacker to wreck havoc on your personal finances?
If you have a simple password, a pro hacker could be in your checking account stealing your money!
Or issueing a credit card for them to use!
Don't go through a credit crisis alone.
Whether have been a victim of credit fraud or want to assure that it won't happen to you, check out LifeLock today and get protected.
And if you are a member of LinkedIn, make sure to connect with LifeLock on Linkedin for a great overview of the company and what they do.
Get protected, friends.
Having to go through the credit bureaus alone to prove who you are is not as easy as you would think.
With LifeLock, they'll do it for you.
Later!
Hey there.
The Gladiator Rock'n Run a little over a week away and I'm on the home stretch of my training.
I've been hitting the gym to gain endurance and work on my upper strength.
There's going to be some climbing going on so I want to make sure I'll be able to get over those obstacles.
My question, though, is whether I should push myself this final week or if I should cut it down so that I'm well rested for the run.
I want to push myself, there has been instances where I push myself during workouts and I can't even support myself with my arms, they are that sore.
Should I risk being too sore to finish the run?
Or do you believe that adrenaline will push me through?
I'm a pretty competitve guy so I don't just want to finish the run, I want to finish with a great time.
I want one of these awesome trophies that are given out to top finishers!
When training for an event, do you train up until the event or do you give yourself a few days of down time?
With the run just 9 days away, I'm curious to know which training method would work best.
Later!
Hey there.
I remember awhile back there was a lot of talk about "miracle" juices that would help ail whatever is bothering you.
I don't remember what the name of the product was but this was easily ten years ago.
The biggest problem that I had with this drink was that it claimed to heal and or cure practically everything.
It had scam written all over it!
I haven't heard of seen of anything that closely resembles that drink.
I strongly believe that health drink makers learned from that one "miracle" drink and are specific as to what their product does.
That's a huge plus since now you know that any outlandish claims are a red flag.
I haven't come across a drink that offers everything, but I do know that someone should create a drink with the main ingredient being cactus.
That's right.
I said cactus.
It looks like our good friends from Trivita have answered that call and are offering a great health drink, Nopalea.
Why cactus?
Well.... let me tell you.
I'm from a Spanish heritage and as a kid, I used to spend the summers over at my grandmother's house in Mexico.
My grandma was an elderly woman and she was in GREAT health!
She would get up at the break of dawn and be up and about doing house chores or working at the local church.
When she needed to go to the store or downtown, she WALKED!
She would would walk miles to get to where she needed to go and if I was with her, guess who had to walk too?  lol  One day, while watching TV with her, I noticed that she was snacking on something green.
Curious, I asked what they were.
She told me there were, "nopales."
Nopales is Spanish for cactus.
Hmmm...
I wondered at that point if that was the source of my grandmother's powers.
lol  Of course, as a grown man, I know there are no super powers, but I do think that nopales must be extremely healthy for you.
Many Spanish dishes have them as an ingredient and when I think back during my times with my grandma, she always had a healthy stack of nopales on hand.
It's no wonder that Nopalea is making waves.
I haven't had a chance to try this drink, but I do believe that it will help boost your immune system.
I've seen it first hand with my grandma.
For a woman in her 60s and 70s, she was extremely active and didn't seem to suffer from any joint pain, sickness, or anything other ailments that many of her peers suffered from.
Because of this, I feel confident that Nopalea will at least slightly improve your overall health, if not your overall lifestyle.
Trivita feels the same.
That's why they are offering a 32 oz.
bottle of Nopalea free (retails for $39.99).
Well... not 100% free since you do have to pay shipping and handling.
Anyways, they ask to try Nopalea Wellness Challenge.
You drink 3 to 6 oz of Nopalea each day and track your progress on the wellness form that you will receive with your free bottle.
After a few weeks, you'll notice an improvement in your health and you'll have your own written testimony to prove it!
How awesome is that?!
So how do you score a free bottle?
Just call the 800 number in the image above and ask for one.
It's really that simple.
So what do you guys think of Nopalea?
Have you guys ever bought a wellness health drink before?
If so, were you happy with the results?
I would love to hear your stories!
Later!
Hey there.
Can you believe that we're in the middle of September already?
I've already seen halloween decorations up and at some local retailers, I've seen Thanksgiving decorations for sale.
You know what that means!!!  Holiday is shopping is right around the corner!
Oh man!
If you are anything like me, you're going to want to pick up awesome holiday gifts for your friends and family, but having to pay money upfront can cause a huge dent in my wallet.
It's one of the main reasons I take advantage of the layaway programs that are available at my local retailers.
You can set aside the gifts, a pay a little each week/month, get your gifts when you're done!
It's great!
But you know what would make it perfect???  Free.
Consumers LOVE free.
That's why I like to go to Kmart for their free layaway program.
While others may charge a small fee to hold your items, Kmart does not.
But they've made their layaway program even better.
Have you heard about the Kmart's Big Layaway Giveaway???  No?!  Well... let me tell you!
Kmart's Big Layway Giveaway is nothing short than awesome!
They offer year long layaway service and will not charge a service fee.
Some of the other big name retailers will offer a layaway plan but will charge you a service fee.
Also, some of the other big name stores will have limitations as to what you can place on layaway.
Check out this chart showing you what Kmart offers with thier layaway plan compared to others.
Not only does Kmart offer the best layaway service, they have one upped themselves this year with the Kmart Big Layaway Giveaway!
Once a week, from 9/9/12 to 11/17/12, every Kmart store will choose one lucky shopper's layaway items and pay off their remaining layaway balance for them!
You know what that means?!?!
If you are one of the lucky winners, Kmart will zero out your balance and you can claim your layaway items!!!  Imagine that?!
The kid's much wanted Playstation 3?  Paid off.
Dad's big screen TV?  Paid off.
Mom's much deserved tablet or laptop?
Paid off!!!  Holiday gifts taken care of simply for taking advantage of Kmart's great layaway program!
I already have a few items on layaway and it would be just awesome to win big and get that balance paid off.
i've had my eye on this 50" LCD flat screen TV that I'm finally indulging myself with.
I currently own a rear projection big screen TV.
Yeah...
I know... it's time for an upgrade!
I've been good this year!
I deserve it!
lol I know it's seems a little too soon to think of holiday shopping but it's never too early to start saving on holiday gifts.
Head on over to Kmart and place those holiday gifts on layaway.
Who knows, maybe you'll be on the lucky ones and have Kmart pay your layaway balance in full!
Later!
Hey there.
I feel rugged.
I'm continuing down that path of fitness and I have the Gladiator Rock'n Run in just a few short weeks.
Aside from the obstacle course that I will have to power through, there will be the mud to contend with.
And lots of it.
A cousin of mine participated in the Survivor Mud Run earlier today I was going through his pictures.
All I could think of was the mud all over their bodies.
Almost as if they went off road and gave themselves a mud bath.
I told myself that in 2 short weeks, it will be me in muddy clothes standing victorious at the finish line.
It will be me with a muddy smile on my face and feeling of accomplishment, very similar to that of my cousin and his family.
It reminded me of a time my cousin purchased 2 UTVs (Utility Terrain Vehicle) and asked if I had ever gone riding.
I never had, so he told me about how great it is to go off and get the vehicles muddy.
It was almost as if the muddier they get, the more of a "successful" mud run you had.
I remember sitting there looking through some UTV accessories at one of his favorite sites and thinking to myself why someone would want to put their vehicle through so much stress and get their vehicle so muddy.
Why get accessories for a vehicle that you are going to put through hell.
I simply didn't understand.
I guess I wasn't rugged enough at that point in time.
I didn't realize that his UTV was an extension of himself.
He wanted to push his vehicle and show off it's prowess.
In similar fashion as to how his body is his vehicle and he's not afraid to get down and dirty to show off his power and agility.
I'm realizing just now that I have not pushed my self, my vehicle, to the limits the way he has.
Coming back from an ankle injury that could have sidelined him for quite some time, he pushed himself to strengthen himself.
To get back into a high fitness level.
He has pushed himself and kept that level of commitment and it has paid off huge dividends for him.
This year, I made a commitment to level up my stats, to increase my fitness activity and to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
The runs that I have participated in a great start, but it's not enough.
I need to go off road.
Like a brand new UTV that needs to be pushed, I need to get down and dirty.
Today, I took another mental step towards being prepared for my up and coming runs.
My determination was tested during the Hero Rush.
Now it's time to put my strength and agility to the test in the Gladiator Rock'n Run.
I'm going to need to be in top form come January when the Super Spartan Race comes to town.
I'm not ready yet.
I haven't gone for that first "mud run" just yet.
I haven't pushed my vehicle to the limit.
Come October, I sure will.
Later!
Hey there.
If you have stopped by my website anytime within the past 24 hours, you may have gotten a message saying that my website may contain malware and it may be dangerous to view my website.
Rest assured that if you proceeded to my site, you were NOT infected with malware.
There was no malware hosted on this site.
The problem?
The IZEA Media Ad block that I was running in the right column.
Turns out that an advertiser purchased a spot in the ad block from IZEA and somehow, someway, that advertiser managed to get through the IZEA screening with some kind of malicious code on their ad.
In effect, Google flagged THOUSANDS of webpages running the IZEA Media Ad block as hosting  malware, causing that red warning screen.
Now, I didn't find out that it was the IZEA Media Ads until this morning.
I noticed that my site was flagged last night at around 8 PM Pacific and tried practically everything to get rid of it.
This morning, our good friend Justin, at Dragonblogger.com, noticed that his site was flagged by Google and he started to do some research.
At about that time, IZEA posted on their blog providing a statement that their ad blocks were to blame.
You can read that statement here.
I was surprised that it was brief post and other than the "we're working on it" message, there really wasn't anything more to take from that post.
If you really want to get into the meat of the problem, read the comments.
Wow!
I was frustrated and upset, just like many others were.
To have my site down for any period of time is a blow to my reputation.
I do not want my readers to associate my site with having malicious codes ready to infect their computers.
I issued a statement to my fans via Facebook and Google + letting them know what's going on.
Because I still consider myself to be a small fry in the blogging world, I didn't let the outage get me too down.
But some of the bigger guys like Dragonblogger.com and BenSpark.com
are a huge influence to many and to have websites of that caliber to be hit is a HUGE shame.
Not only are they losing readers, but they are losing out on generated income via traffic and sales.
How is IZEA planning on accommodating their bloggers???  Especially when many of us have been with IZEA for years?
That is what IZEA faces at this moment.
After reading the comments in their blog post, I was surprised to hear that some of the staff were treating bloggers like this was the bloggers fault and NOT IZEA's.
Now, the people that I have worked with at IZEA have been nothing but good to me.
The company has offered me many income generating opportunities and I am grateful for those opportunities and the doors that they have opened for me.
This is the first time that I have ever encountered an issue with them.
EVER.
With that being said, IZEA needs to do some serious damage control.
There are a lot of unhappy bloggers that are taking a huge hit.
It's a lot of work to build up a fan base, to build an online reputation.
If this issue does not get resolved quickly, years of hard work will be flushed down the drain.
For every minute that a site is flagged for malware, readers are lost, revenue is lost, and reputation is lost.
It would be a shame to have great sites be blacklisted for something that they are not at fault for.
For those of you that are still flagged...  I'm sorry that your site is not up and running just yet.
I'm one of the lucky few that was flagged with the warning and have had the warning removed.
That's what I did and after a short while, I received an Email from StopBadware that my site is clean and off blacklists.
I am not sure if this will work for everyone but I strongly suggest you give it a try.
ESPECIALLY if Google Webmaster Tools is not offering you the button to review.
I saw a huge dip in traffic today but I can honestly say that I didn't lose out on any major earning opportunities.
At this point, I'm just glad that my site is up and running.
If you don't mind sharing, I'm curious to know whether or not the above helped in any way  Good luck, friends!!!  Later!
Hey there.
With the internet being more integral in our everyday lives, the next gen of online security has been working hard to make sure we are protected.
Threats are everywhere.
From phishing scams to hackers.
From viruses to spyware.
We need to make sure that we are protected from all threats and not just some of the threats.
It doesn't make sense to protect yourself from only a portion of the threats out there.
Many antivirus programs offer you protection from many online threats, but I believe that Bitdefender Total Security is the only one that offer full and complete protection.
Why?
Because they offer Bitdefender SafePay.
As mentioned above, we use the internet from banking to entertainment and everything in between.
One thing that I do online is pay for items that I use for my giveaways.
The websites that I buy from offer page ecryption and other safety measures, but it's scary to hear when a server was hacked into and my personal information could be compromised, regardless of the security measures taken by the website.
With Bitdefender SafePay, you no longer have to worry about that.
Bitdefender SafePay is the #1 reason why this antivirus software should be #1.
Bitdefender SafePay allows you to use thier super secured browser to make banking and shopping threat free.
Bitdefender SafePay will protect you from ALL threats.
Let that phrase sink in for a second.
PROTECT YOU FROM ALL THREATS!
No other online security program can offer you that.
It's no wonder that CNET and PCMag have both awarded Bitdefender The Editor's Choice award AND claimed Bitdefender as their #1 Antivirus software.
Those are some big names that are backing up what Bitdefender does!
Hey there friends!
Arrr... are ya ready fer talk like a pirate day?!  Tomorrow, Sept. 19th, is talk like a pirate day and Swagbucks is going to celebrate by offering a swag code treasure hunt!
Swagbucks is calling it the Mega Swag Booty Day!
Some time today, Swagbucks will post a treasure map on their blog to guide you during the swag code treasure hunt.
It will offer clues as to where to look for to find the treasure.
During the swag code treasure hunt you can score up to 60 swagbucks if you manage to find all the codes!
Don't miss out on this fun time online!!!
If you are still not familiar with Swagbucks, you should definitely check it out.
You warn Swagbucks by doing every day tasks online.
After earning enough Swag bucks, you can exchange them for physical prizes or for online prizes, such as Amazon giftcards.
I've earned my fair share of giftcards that they have helped fund my game giveaways!
Hey there.
KIRBY!!!
The lovable pink hero is celebrating his 20 anniversary this year!
And to celebrate, Nintendo has collected 6 classic Kirby games into one great collection.
Kirby's Dream Collection Special Edition includes Kirby's Dream Land, Kirby's Adventure, Kirby's Dream Land 2, Kirby Super Star, Kirby's Dream Land 3, and Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards!
In addition to the games, you already get a CD soundtrack filled with music from the games.
AND... the best part, in my opinion, is the collector's book that chronicles the history of Kirby!
I'm a sucker for collector's items and whenever I can score something like the Kirby that they are offering with this collection, I tend to jump on it.
A special shout out to our sponsors!
Just a Dash of Geek!
The admin there has been an active reader here at Metallman's Reverie and I am honored to have them as a sponsor!
Love, Lucy!
The admin there is an avid I Love Lucy fan and her blog chronicles her adventures with her comedian BF throughout Southern California.
Glad to have you aboard as a sponsor!
Giveaway will go live from now until Oct. 15th and the winner will be announced on the 16th.
Best of luck friends!!!  Later!
Hey there.
I don't post many deals but when I do, it's a deal that I took advantage of.
I have yet to meet a little girl (or young woman) that does NOT love Hello Kitty.
I am constantly buying my girls and my wife Hello Kitty stuff.
lol  And because Hello Kitty jewelry can be pricey, when I see a deal on Hello Kitty stuff, I jump on it!
That's when I stumbled across this great deal on Hello Kitty watches.  2 Hello Kitty watches and a heart necklace for under $10!
The retail price is $49.99.
You can't go wrong with that, my friends!
The deal is on Amazon so I suggest you jump on it now.
Prices on Amazon jump daily so the price can easily jump back up.
Check it out!!!  Later!
Hey there.
Nothing anything different on my site?
No?  Oh man...  Look again?
Yeah, it's that toolbar thing at the bottom of the page.
That thing is powered by PunchTab and I've decided that it's time reward my readers and visitors by offering you guys a loyalty program.
You know, as a thanks for stopping by, commenting, sharing and what not.
The PunchTab loyalty program provides you guys points and tracks them for me.
You guys score 100 points for visiting each day, 100 points for commenting, 100 for sending out a tweet, 100 for liking a post, and another 100 for giving posts a Google +1.
With just a few actions a day, you can easily rack up points.
You can redeem those points for awesome stuff such as a Starbucks giftcard of a Groupon giftcard.
Pretty nifty, no?
But I'll sweeten the pot because, well... I'm just that kinda guy.
I was planning on starting this program next month but we'll go ahead and start it right away.
The top point scorer for the month will be awarded $5 via PayPal or a $5 Amazon giftcard.
Cold, hard cash as a thank you, my friends.
So why PunchTab?
Well... to be honest, I was looking for a widget to replace Rafflecopter.
Too many bogus entries on Rafflecopter and I had to weed them out myself.
I spent too much time doing that it was becoming a huge drag.
When I was told that PunchTab will verify the entries for me, I had to check it out and once I saw that they offered a loyalty program, well... that kind of did it for me.
It's a good thing too.
Overall, it's a better widget that offers more entries when you share the giveaway.
So in essence, you can score a huge amount of entries simply by sharing the giveaway across all of your social media platforms.
Not bad, huh.
Anyways, that's how it all happened and because of this change, because of the stat tracker, and because of the loyalty program, I decided to offer a quick $5 to the top point earner.
This is will go on until pretty much forever, or until PunchTab decides to get rid of their loyalty program.
lol  
So what do you guys think?
I can tell you already that based on 2 days worth of info, the top points earner has 500 points.
lol  Make sure to let me know what you think and snag a quick 100 points.
Later!
Hey there.
Who wants a new laptop?!
I have partnered with my good friend, Justin, over at Dragonblogger.com, to bring you this great Lenovo IdeaPad Z585 laptop giveaway.
It's a great budget gaming laptop.
Of course, you don't have to use it for gaming.
The added firepower that this laptop has would make it a great laptop to have period!
This bad boy easily retails over $700 and you can score a free one right here!
Check out the specs!
So how do you enter?
This giveaway and all future giveaways here on Metallman's Reverie will now be powered by PunchTab.
Rafflecopter was great but it was too high maintenance.
Too many bogus entries and I spent a lot of time removing bad entries.
The great thing about using PunchTab?
Aside from them verifying entries for me, if you share the contest, the more entries YOU earn.
That's right!
Sharing on Facebook, Twitter, and anywhere else will benefit you and earn you extra entries each time someone clicks on your unique url code!
How awesome is that!!!
So share away, friends.
The more entries you score, the more chances that the giveaway gods will pick you!
Good luck!
Hey there.
This weekend, while I was relaxing at home, I decided to play some music.
Not on the iPod or radio, but play a musical instrument.
Most of you already know that I play guitar.
I have both an acoustic guitar and an electric guitar.
Both are pretty special to me.
The acoustic was given to me by wife (girlfriend at the time she gave it to me) and my electric is a Kirk Hammet "Skully" (KH-602) guitar.
But I'm not here to talk about guitar, I'm here to talk about my flute playing.
That's right, I play flute.
From time to time, I managed to eek out some time to play.
Last weekend was one of those times.
I grabbed the book that I would practice out of in JR. high and high school and test out my skills.
No doubt that they've diminshed some, but after 18 years of first picking up the instrument, they have yet to completely erode.
When I was elementary, I actually liked playing the recorder.
I know that many students weren't a big fan of it and it was the school's way of introducing music to the students.
That introduction led me to become a woodwind player.
I remember taking home the recorder and the sheet music and practicing.
I would try to get my cousin to play so that we can play duets.
That didn't really go too far.
lol  But once JR High school came around, I jumped at the opportunity to get into music class.
I felt that I would be in a class where other students such as myself would be interested in learning to play an intrument.
I remember walking in class, meeting Mr. McMahon, the music teacher, and excited about choosing the instrument to play.
Mr. McMahon gave us a quick demonstration of each intrument available and I quickly made up my mind that I would want to play clarinet.
Since the recorder was the only instrument that I played before, the clarinet resembled it the most.
My mind was set.
I was ready.
I leaned over to my best friend and told him what I planed on picking.
His initial reaction?
"No, man.
Look at the flute!
It's shiny!"
I looked at it... hmmm...  it was pretty shiny.
Ok, I'll go with the flute.
And that, my friends, is how I became a flute player.
lmao!
I chuckle at that story because you want to believe that boys are smarter than to be attracted to shiny things, but in this case... the flute's shinyness got the best of me.
lol  I sometimes think back at that exact moment and wonder how my musical career would have turned out.
When I decided to play flute, I took my drive to be the best that I could possibly be.
Mr. McMahon's instrument of choice was the flute and he would practice daily.
I soon joined him in those daily practices and before long, I started to play advance music and advanced duets with him.
Those extra sessions definitely helped hone my skills since they served me well in high school.
The music director, Mr. White, would push me to better my skills.
Mr. White was great at pushing students to do their best.
He is a fiery individual, to say the least, and if he saw talent in you, he expected that talent to come through each and every time you picked up your instrument.
Under his direction, I improved tremendously.
Everyone did.
It's no wonder that that high school band was full of young and talented musicians, so I felt extremely honored when he asked me to participate in scholarship program.
It would be the first time that I would be judged for my playing.
An inner city child, giving it his all, and, if I remember correctly, I ranked second in that event.
I managed to snag a small scholarship for music classes from the Los Angeles Unified Schol District.
That's one of my proudest moments as a student and as a flute player.
And to think... it all happened because it was shiny.
lol  Later!
