Last night as we were coming in for a landing in the San Jose night sky an earthquake hit the runway.
This was at the latest possible moment, the pilot had to swoop up, only to dive back down a couple hundred feet later to avoid the flight of another plane.
This is what I've learned about people who think the plane is going to crash, first there is lots of screaming and praying, and then everyone starts to talk, or laugh nervously.
False bravado.
In a group of two people in crisis, it seems one must always be more hysterical, the other in the lucky position of attempting to soothe.
In the end, no damages on the ground were found, and after an extra half hour of spiraling in the rather turbulent air above San Jose, we landed, and the passengers and crew erupted into a spontaneous ovation.
Tonight was the first mind melt, endless coffee rounds, klatch for the sake of Sangre Mambo in well over a year.
For those of you who haven't known me for the last two years, Mambo was the Guerrilla film project which consumed the first semester of my Junior year.
(That second semester was spent in New York) The film, despite a dedicated cast and crew of over two dozen, months of earnest work, support, and screenwriting and revision, fell into a maelstrom of emotional entanglements, budget and time restrictions, and bad fate.
But we've had time for recovery, and those 13 little tapes are ready to be undeaded.
With Valentines Day fast approaching, I've decided to embrace the holiday, or that failing, enable others with a selection of hand made Valentine's pendants, and fine art prints for my Etsy account.
Last time I celebrated Valentines day in any traditional manner was in grammar school.
My Mother hand sewed me a pink blouse with lace detail, and a matching skirt.
I wore the shirt to class over blue jeans.
By the end of the day, the shirt was ruined, and I'd realized that as soon as Valentines Day stops being about candy, and starts being about social anxiety, it looses its charms.
Since then I've worn black every Valentine's Day,played pool, and mirthfully refereed to the day as Black Tuesday, Black Wednesday, etc.
This year, I'm going to try something else, I really am.
You see them around downtown Colorado Springs, tied to lamposts and street signs.
The Ghost bicycles, as I've heard them called, mark the streets like highway crosses.
This particular bicycle was outside Wooglie's cafe near Colorado College Campus.
Today we finally got power back where I am.
Today we soaked in technology.
My boyfriend confirmed that yes, the internets do continue without him, (sic) and I went seeking an image only described to me in that hour between loosing power and cellular.
A friend of mine, a playwright, called Monday night when power went down to check on us all, I was eager for news, she said the photos were rattling, that somewhere a carousal in a glass box floated, fully lit, in a dark ocean of water.
Dumbo, Brooklyn, I told her, its not floating, but its way out there on the water, have you ever seen it?
So here, after much searching, is the image as it appeared on CNN.
I've gotten a lot more involved with Etsy since I started back in 2007.
As the site has grown, I've started to view it more seriously as a business tool.
I really appreciate all of their articles, groups, teams, and information encouraging sellers to do more with their work.
And although I don't always have time to read their articles on how to improve your shop, every time I do I find something worthwhile.
For example, after participating in last year's holiday bootcamp, I changed the way I presented all of my books to try to make them appear more consistent.
I know Etsy has hammered this home on its sellers, but for newbies, it bears repeating - photos are so important!
If you put effort into nothing else but that, I think you'll find tremendous value.
I'll spend hours on Etsy just navigating through gorgeous photographs of work, because it presents a world to me that I want to live in.
I love roller derby.
I was only in it for a short time (1 year learning how to skate + 1 1/2 years on a league), but it was a really magical experience.
I mean, really hard work and one of the scariest things I've ever done, but magical too!
For me, roller derby was the perfect blend of everything I was looking for - sport, female friends, exercise, community, action, drama, and costuming.
Once I was involved though, I saw behind the glitz of the bouts and the sweat of the practices and discovered the reality of juggling a real life and a derby life.
Every rollergirl I knew wasn't just a rollergirl and a teacher or a rollergirl and a nurse - they were usually multiple "somethings" - mothers, students, etc.
And they juggled everything just for the sake of being in derby.
They found it that important, and that sacrifice in itself reminded me of superheroes, more than just the duality of rollergirl names and costuming.
I actually created my Bonnie N. Collide, Nine to Five comic before I was in derby, just looking from the outside in.
But after I got more interested in derby, I found SO many things I wanted to talk about in the comic - especially how it related to my day job and the day jobs of other rollergirls I knew.
The idea that Bonnie could stay chipper and positive at a boring, soul-sucking job BECAUSE she got to hit people in her free time was my main impetus for writing her story.
I'll admit I'm new to Derby.
There's Jailhouse Elvis, and a Dead Cheerleader, and me.
In case it's not obvious from the photo bellow I'm not tough.
I'm not coordinated.
I will not be tearing up the track.
But I enjoy spectacle and good crowds, and fun sports.
Last Saturday's bout was one of two I've witnessed.
Ever.
And now that Gotham Girls has finished the home season, it will be a while before I can really get back into it.
Except, well, in spirit.
Or except when reading Bonnie N. Collide, a webcomic by Monica Gallagher.
A few posts from now I plan on interviewing Gallagher about her art, her derby, and her etsy site.
More photos and Derby to come...
This blog has been on Hiatus since 2009!
Whew.
Just over 3 years ago I relocated to New York, New York.
I put my etsy shop aside while seeking freelance work, a steady job, and ways to pursue my art while paying my student loans and saving for a Graduate Degree.
A month ago I quit the steady job for a travel opportunity in France, then returned to New York to pursue art, photography, film, and a growing fascination with Poets, Musicians and Performance Artists in New York.
Just to bring you up to date on my everything so far:
I've been into photography over 10 years, and travel for more than 20 of my short but so far eventful life.
My last summer of college I worked my way down from Portland Oregon to San Luis Obispo California.
A great deal of my images and creative ideas come from travels and encounters I had on that journey.
I was also lucky enough to time in Costa Rica studying Spanish and assisting my Grandmother, a painter and a part time pensionista.
In the past, this blog was the place where I posted interviews with Etsy artists.
I want to bring that back.
My Etsy shop is wirefox I also maintain a Tumblr of my photography at http://kaceyanisastamats.tumblr.com/
and more of my work can be found at kaceyanisa.com.
Last time I posted, in December 2009 I put up a photo of one of my first New York apartments.
Scroll down to see where I lived then.
This is the living room of where I live now:
This is the place I live now, hard wood floors, space, gorgeous view and Western light.
Unfortunately, I am on the hunt for a new apartment come Jan. 16th.
Hopefully in Astoria or Manhattan.
Hopefully and easy commute to and from work.
This mornings eye-catching store belongs to Reparapy.
I could spend the whole day browsing and day-dreaming about this shops gorgeous fashion photos and luscious scarves, eye masks, and indulgence kits, (not to mention their ingeniously modeled products) but work calls.
A soul reading is similar to a psychic reading, but more in-depth.
It does involve prophecy, but it also involves healing, inspiration and practical exercises that will encourage clients to work on their issues long after the reading is over.
The true purpose of a soul reading is to jump start the process of soul transformation, and encourage the client to accept accountability for their life.
I begin each soul reading by taking a look, with the use of my third eye or inner vision, at my client’s overall energy state, their soul spirit essence, their Divine nature; it is the part of you that never dies.
Note: All my readings are distance readings.
According to scientific and spiritual studies, time and space are illusions.
For example, we can't actually see radio waves, but they work don't they?
We can work together from anywhere because all readings are done via email.
I may also work with some or all of these techniques during a psychic-soul reading.
For me personally, I find that reading someone's energy over distance gives much better results.
It allows me to put my full attention upon the client's soul spirit essence, and not be distracted by how they might be feeling at that moment.
I will still be able to sense if they are nervous,
unfocused, or even skeptical, but because they are far away it will not be as distracting as if they were sitting right in front of me.
Cats have been a part of my life since I was a child.
To me a home is not really a home until a cat is part of the family.
I often end up painting my pets, because they are my best friends and best models.
I have not yet encountered anyone who has lived as a cat in a past life, but I have encountered people’s pets during a mediumship reading!
My favorite mermaid myth is the one about Silkies (or Selkies) and I have named one of my Celtic mermaids “Silkie.”
I also loved the Irish movie, “The Secret of Roan Inish” because it involves a Silkie.
I have had many wonderful teachers and guides over the years but my primary psychic-mediumship training is from the English psychic and trance channel, Adam Higgs.
I participated in a six month long weekly spiritual development circle, also known as an English Traditional Teaching Circle and it was a fantastic experience that allowed a small and devoted group of us to practice psychometry, psychic reading, energy healing and mediumship on a weekly basis.
Adam, our facilitator likened it to Psychic Boot Camp.
My life transformed at this time, partly due to the influence of a major astrological occurrence called Uranus Opposition that occurs around age forty for all of us.
It is a once in a lifetime opportunity to open ourselves spiritually and emotionally, as we discover what is truly important for our soul on a deeper level as we explore this second phase of life.
For me, this meant devoting myself to working with the Divine Spirit on a professional level as a psychic-medium, artist, astrologer and spiritual guide, to help people transform their own lives in a creative and intuitive way.
While I am happy to eagerly await the smaller version of this item, ordered by a dear friend, I am even more excited to announce my intentions of doing a full review.
The seller had no idea I'd do this, and judging from her track record, this may be just another look what is cool on etsy.
As most of you know, I already celebrate this subject matter in my own shop;
Hi! My name is Natalie and 'Natamon'(my alter ego).
Natamon (which would mean 'Natalie Monster' in Japanese) is the creative, whimsical side of me, with a very large dash of the theatrical and bizarre.
She has a voracious appetite for all things creative, cute, and even random.
My regular self would be content to see and pet a cute dog.
However, my Natamon side would like to dress it up, and place it in a themed photo shoot cooking breakfast.
Natamon also has cute demands that must get met, otherwise, she gets very sad!
I relate to animals very closely, with dogs and cats having a particularly special place in the top two.
Mind you, I adore just about any animal, including ones that most people would not find cute in nature, like warthogs.
There is a peace I feel inside, when I watch animals simply 'be themselves'.
I respect and enjoy the harmony of them being part of creation, and can truly see how they benefit us all.
I think they help to calm the heart and make is smile.
The artwork called,'Soup for Two', is really part of my fascination with animals doing things with people, in a very human, personified way.
I had not yet captured an art piece with a lemur in it, and thought the animal would make a very find guest to have soup with, in my mind's eye.
Commercials where animals are doing human things, snag my attention as if I am 3-years-old, I find them so adorable.
I also wanted to create a snapshot-in-the-life-of the characters in this piece, a bit like you were sitting alongside them eating.
The mood of the artwork is docile and quaint, where the animal and girl are simply enjoying the flavor of the meal, and their company.
I guess you could say it creates a storybook page quality too.
I found myself on the brink of falling head over heels for jewelry designing, and knew I wanted to have my own shop to share these creations.
So, deciding upon a name, I began researching less likely sources online for inspiration, such as a website which had old Victorian slang.
This led me to further jog my mind about and settle on 'trappings', to describe the pretty jewelry that so many love to wear.
It was a word I rarely hear.
This was combined with the word,'dream', because I just felt it fit.
Most people would compare me to a cat I think, but I identify with dogs more than any animal.(My
husband says I am much like a woodland creature, such as a rabbit or squirrel) Dogs, if well trained, are easy going, and loyal-which are qualities I can identify with.
There is something about their attentive stares and love for what is basic in life.
Love, food, rest and play.
I appreciate those things very much too.
Certainly most of my life, I have been a night person.
It has been a task trying to fight it, because
the day yields to so much needing to be done at that time!
The perfect afternoon would be a fabulous temperature,(not too hot or too cold) shopping for lots of beads and art supplies, making projects with them, with a giant meal at my favorite restaurant for the early dinner finish.
First and foremost?
God.
I cannot have true inspiration without giving Him my thoughts and day to direct.
He centers me, gets me off an running helps my work unfold.
In the earthly sense, I think simply looking at ordinary photos of people and animals.
Many times, when I look at a photograph, I see what could be added or changed to create artwork incorporating it.
Every once in a while, the actual art of others will inspire me.
Colors also, are a huge inspiration.
I will look at everything from patterns in clothing, scrapbook papers-stained glass windows and find myself trying to memorize the colors I see side by side.
I will then usually take those colors, write them down and think,'Ok, what can I make with these?!' That process is very enthusing, because it's a wonderfully fun challenge.
I just adore color combinations and how they work together.
Many, many moons ago, I may have chosen another life.
But seeing how both the good and bad in my life has shaped who I am thus far, it is hard to trade.
I am not as close up to it all, now that the past is memory, which allows me to gain the grace of perspective.
I may not understand everything, but much of it connects together, linking me with the now.
If I was someone else, no doubt the novelty would wear off after a short time, and I would miss the old me.
I like to think my close friends and family would feel the same too.
The idea was born in the midst of cube-jungle in the least creative of all places - the Accounting Department!
My company had been going through a tough time and we were looking for something to laugh at.
My coworker found a similar product online by a Scandinavian company that was trying to sell a bearded hat for over $150!
He knew that I was a crocheter, so he suggested I try making them myself.
I had made several hats and I found some patterns online for a similar product, so I combined different ideas to come up with the Amazing Beard Hat!
I love hearing why people are buying it - one person thought it would be a great gag gift for her husband that couldn't grow a beard, another person gave it to her boyfriend to wear when he shovels the snow from her driveway, and another guy bought it to wear while sitting around drinking beer outside on a cold night!
When I'm not working or crocheting, I love to travel!
I've been to 15 countries and I hope to add a couple more this year.
I love crocheting while I travel (on airplane, trains, etc) because it's a great conversation starter and it makes the time go quickly.
I love multi-tasking, and it's a great way to be productive, while also getting yourself from point A to point B.
Since I work at Circuit City (and most people know the end of that story) I'm going to have some free time in the near future.
I'm hoping to generate enough sales to at least by a plane ticket to Europe to bum around and visit some friends.
We'll see if that happens!
Spending a weekend without computer contact would be difficult!
(I'd probably cheat and access mobile web on my phone!)
I love to get away to the beach and just spend hours hanging out with friends staring out into the ocean while chatting, reading, going for walks.
Spending time on the water is another passion of mine.
I've been waterskiing since I was young and I'm fortunate to spend almost every weekend of the summer hanging out on the James River.
We've taught countless people to waterski or wakeboard.We've had plenty of crazy adventures on the water - one time we were having a picnic out on the boat and it started pouring - but we just continued the picnic anyways!
Every few minutes we'd have to pour the water off the plates.
Another time we were convinced we saw a big brown bear on the river banks... turns out it was just a cow.
;) I never laughed so hard as when my someone slipped while going down the ladder into the water and ended up getting caught on a hook and dangling from the side of the boat by her bathing suit!
oh man i've dreamed of this movie.
it would start with a mother nature takes revenge type apocalypse...flooding, storms, locusts the works.
after it all ends and settles and everyone who has survived is coming out of hiding and trying to start over a band of women finds each other and starts a journey across the country trying to get to where they think is salvation.
they have to walk there and as they go on their journey they come to learn a lot about themselves and who their beliefs have all changed.
before they make ti to their "salvation" they decide they don't want it anymore, so they stop along the way at some incredible place they find and make their own salvation. . .
i want to make a comic about this....
To me amazons is not just the women warriors of the amazon... i use the word to describe all the incredibly strong and powerful women that have influenced me.
i am privileged enough to have so many incredible women in my life with so many stories to tell about Salli Marcella Grace.
she was an amazing woman who traveled alone, carried a shank, hopped trains and belly danced.
she was the most genuine person i know.
a true warrior.
during her last days she brought food and water to those on the border and taught belly dancing classes in Mexico and danced in benefits to help those in need.
she was always such a positive person.
at her memorial someone told a story of how one day Sali and a few of her friends cooked a dinner in Tuscan, Arizona.
there wasn't much food and so every one got tiny portions.
during dinner Sali burst out crying.
she said;
After that Sali went back to Mexico and was going to perform her belly dance at a benefit show.
she never made it there.
her body was found a few weeks later in a cabin.
we all miss her very much.
but the thing about amazons, is that their strength inspires everyone around them. they never truly die.
the ocean is very special to me. the waves give me hope.
not matter what ails you, the waves can wash it away.
i had a daughter before my baby hunter was born.
i watched the movie whale ride every single day that i was pregnant with her. when she was born i knew i would name her Paikea...the whale rider.
i had a home birth with her and there were a lot of complications.
she lived for nine days before we decided to take her off life support.
the doctors told us there was no hope of her recovering.
now whenever i think of her i see oceans.
i know for certain they she has returned to the sea.
a lot of mu designs lately have been a reflection of my memories of Paikea and of Sali.
Well, all of my materials are found pieces but there is one in particular.
i was visiting my friend laddie at her cabin in the woods and as soon i stepped on her property i found this incredible stone.
it was a smooth round rock and as i turned it over i noticed it had a perfect hole through it.
i saved it and saved it until i finally made a piece i felt fit. it sold right away to my lovely friend who had just found out she was pregnant, i wouldn't let her pay for it though lol.
I'm glad she has it because the stone reminded me of birthing stones indigenous women used during childbirth.
really all my pieces have stories. . .
Not really.
Because my products fall into such a niche (alternative weddings), and I KNOW where that niche hangs out on the internet, its simply a matter of making sure they know about my ebooks.
The great thing about ebooks is they don't require any supply costs, apart from an internet connection.
They don't require shipping, or printing costs.
They're VERY good for the environment, which I feel is important.
They take awhile to write but once you've written one, you can resell it again and again.
I really do believe that ebooks are a way of the future, although I won't be giving up on the printed word any time soon.
Research before you begin.
Decide on a target market.
Research similiar products availiable for that target market.
What gaps are there?
What information is your target market not recieving?
Come up with a list of five or so ebook ideas.
Then choose one to begin writing.
Write a business plan, and stick to it.
It really helps focus your efforts.
Write a plan before you start your ebook.
I find I write twice as fast when I've written a detailed plan.
If you're not a writer but you still want to market ebooks, hire a copywriter to turn your ideas into a sell-able book.
Poorly-written ebooks WILL NOT SELL.
Ditto with websites riddled with spelling and grammar errors, or poorly written marketing copy.
If you can't do it, hire someone (like me :)) who can.
Pick ONE or TWO marketing projects and focus on doing them really well.
I market on my blog and through discussion forums.
I don't twitter, facebook, myspace, digg, or anything or that sort.
If I did all that I wouldn't have time to write.
Ooh, what an excellent question.
I'd take a steam train journey - either across the Australian desert or along the orient express, stopped everywhere to look at museums and take pictures in the epic scenery.
My husband and I had our wedding at Spookers, a haunted insane asylum just north of Auckland, New Zealand.
The nurses quarters of the old asylum have been turned into a haunted attraction.
They regularly host functions but we were the first wedding.
We wanted the theme to be 'heavy metal' and everything we loved.
We're both ex-archaeologists so we love swords and warriors and historical stuff, so we chose outfits that reflected that.
Once my husband's mother declared he would NOT turn up in his ripped jeans and cannibal corpse shirt (our original plan), he designed his own outfit and chose his own sword (which we used to cut the cake).
I sourced my dress from an online seller for a fraction of the cost of the same dress from a bridal shop.
I didn't want flowers so I carried a lantern instead.
Not one of our attendants matched.
What else?
We exited our ceremony venue - a 150yr old circus tent - to Manowar's 'the gods made heavy metal'.
We had our photos in the asylum grounds, making use of their awesome props like their old fashioned hearse.
After the banquet all our guests got to go through the haunted attractions.
Everyone picked on me!
It was great fun.
So many people said it was the best wedding they'd ever been to.
More products will be added over the next month, before we Officially launch, including more ebooks.
The clothing / jewelery is made by my business partner Amy, and she's currently working with a photographer to capture her masterpieces.
Trust me, these clothes are worth the wait... :)
When I get back from my Europe holiday in October I will be creating a line of alternative bath and beauty products, which will be a real treat.
Well, we did have one horrible nightmare with our wedding rings.
CDH (my husband - stands for Cantankerous Drummer Husband) designed our rings himself, based on an Anglo-Saxon design, a simple band with a rope border and a stone set inside the ring.
Each was to be carved with 'twegan gastus in annes' - two souls as one'.
His mother gave him some of HER grandmother's jewellery to melt down to make the rings.
So he takes the gold and his design to a jeweler and says 'can you make this?' The jeweler says 'no worries.
I'll call you in two weeks when I've cut the molds.'
Six weeks goes by.
CDH rings the jeweler several times, leaves messages, but gets no response.
Finally, we go to the shop.
It's disappeared, leaving no sign or forwarding address or phone number.
hey have our gold.
We're ready to go to the police, but CDH's mother is determined to get her gold back on her own.
She talks to all the nearby shop owners and tracks down several phone numbers.
Eventually, finally she contacts the guy, who apologizes profusely, and turns up at their house with a nearly-completed ring.
Boy did he get a blowing-up from my in-laws (love them!).
But we got our beautiful rings (albeit three months late) so it all turned out o.k. in the end.
Most definitely the time i decided to try my hand at social commentary at the ripe old age of fifteen.
i wrote a very snarky myspace blog about how wearing leggings as pants is really really unflattering and gross.
One girl from church thought i wrote it about another girl at church and it caused this big thing.
Really i was just pointing out an unfortunate cultural phenomenon.
hmmmm.... probably one of the ANNIEsaurousREXic tees.
cause everybody loves when eight year olds draw dinosaurs.
even the people that say they dont.
theyre lying.
Right now i'd have to say turquoisey blue, it reminds me of how i used to walk to the gas station around the corner every thursday to buy a blue ring-pop for seventy five cents.
Gratuitous violets soap from lush, the smell reminds me of the barbie bath products i had as a kid in the mid-nineties, it tastes terrible though, i much prefer the taste of blue ring-pops.
im going to go with the time i was visiting my friends in oregon (i live in southern california, so i was very far from home), and after arriving at their house from the grocery store i started having this freakish allergic reaction to the soap i bought, and my eyes kept swelling and swelling until they were gone.
it was really funny.
especially the part where the nearest emergency room is half an hour away.
a kitty!
im completely useless except for aesthetic purposes.
although that could also apply to exotic birds, but i hate those.
i am SO terrified of jumping off/out of things that i probably couldn't.
but maybe if somebody pushed me, i wouldn't mind parachuting into the ocean somewhere beautiful.
the "all these people are probably dead" buttons.
my bff marisa jane and i spent an afternoon buying books at thrift stores and then cutting out the black and white pictures from this AMAZING life magazine atlas of canada.
theyre so interesting cause all of the people are different, and its really fun to imagine who they might have been.
August is a very special character to me.
I named her after my first daughter (Evangeline August).
Originally, I was drawing her as an older child, maybe a teenager.
But I guess I was not ready to think of her as being that grown up, and started drawing her to look much younger, which sort of lead to the creation of all her little friends as they look today.
There is something about drawing children that really gets to me, and I think some viewers too.
I always feel as though I am looking for something that I lost but want to have back.
In the process of painting them I feel sort of connected to that world where everything is new and fresh and amazing, and it's all a complete mystery.
I think we all want to go back there from time to time.
And I really do think we can.
I think we are most connected to art that reminds us of ourselves in some way.
We feel something for the character in a painting because we can imagine how the character feels, and it is as if we are right there inside the painting.
Viewers might feel more connected to their own childhood when looking at a painting, in the same way I was connected to my own when I painted it.
Andrew is such a great kid.
He is one of my students at the school for dyslexics where I teach art.
He fixes the computers when us teachers do something dumb.
Most of his art projects in class are elaborate blue prints for ski lifts that he wants to design when he grows up, or electricity grids.
One Monday not too long ago I told him that he could pick the teams for kickball on Wednesday.
The next day he brought in a long contract for me to sign about letting him pick the teams, and that I would make everyone participate unless they had a note from their doctor.
I get such a kick out of Andrew.
It's the one with the boy in clown makeup and the crow.
It makes me think about my great uncle Fozy, who was a hobo, among other things.
He used to stay with my grandparents right up the road from me and we were with them all the time.
He had a pet monkey that lived mostly in the bathroom, which my grandma hated.
I always thought of it as his sidekick that would have crazy adventures with him while they road the rails.
That is what I was thinking about when I painted the boy with his crow.
Like maybe they had an act that they would take from town to town, or wherever the wind might take them.
Art really saved me growing up.
I was (and still am) very dyslexic.
I remember during class reading time, holding a book up to my face and pretending to read it, but having absolutely no idea what the words said.
I felt so inferior to everyone else.
Kids started to notice that I could draw, and all of a sudden I had something that I could hold on to and be proud of.
I would get lost in art as a kid, and I wouldn't think about what I was going to make or what colors I would use, or anything.
I would just start creating.
Painting these children feels that same way to me.
It's like re-connecting to that young artist that I somehow forgot about.
My signature is sort of a hold over from my past obsession with making Celtic knots.
It looks a little bit like a table or something, but it is actually my version of a Celtic letter A.
Okay, this might sound sort of strange, but I really feel a connection to Walt Whitman.
My mother used to tell me that I was born a hundred years too late because of my reluctance to use technology.
I sometimes feel like I belong in the past more than the present.
Not sure how to explain that exactly.
I use a computer now, but still don't have a cell phone, which my friends hate.
I guess I am trying to make sense of things in the same way that Walt was trying to do with the approach of the industrial revolution.
He just wasn't quite ready for it.
He wrote and edited Leaves of Grass over more than thirty years.
It progressed as a work of art as he progressed as a person, and to me Walt is Leaves of Grass, and Leaves of Grass is Walt.
I hope that some day I can melt into my own work in the same way that he did.
A lot of it started when I was really young; I had a lot of reoccurring dreams with a few of the characters in them that I now use-- Puppetmaster, Whistler, Puck and Sesyara in particular.
So I started to put a story with them, and added some characters as I went.
Some of them are inspired by people I've met, others I just made for small parts (such as Scathach) and their importance to Twisted World just grew more and more.
A lot of strange dreams keep adding to the story, and occasionally inspire a new character.
When I'm writing I have to keep the characters acting as they would in their world, so that really helps as new pieces are invented-- their reactions keep the story going.
I do have to make up a lot as I go, particularly battle scenes.
I have most of Toxic Paradise and part of the second book (unnamed) planned out as well, but not much beyond that.
I know pieces of the third, but have yet to really link them together.
Yes, actually.
I used to sit in IHOP at like 3 in the morning and write and draw and chat with two of my closest friends about the most random things.
It's nice and quiet in there, perfect place to throw ideas out there and see if they fly.
Stephen King-- I've been reading his work since I was like 8 or 10, and love the horror aspect.
He can reveal the dark side of a normal part of everyday life, which is a talent most writers don't have.
Nikola Tesla-- I'm counting him as an artist, since a lot of his creations, though scientific, have really inspired the artwork of TW.
This is especially true of Loethial, who appears later in the first book.
Also, Tesla had a lot of experiments dealing with sound and destruction, which I found out after the creation of Jester but found really interesting.
Austen T-- a really good friend of mine that has this incredible talent for writing screenplays, in particular the horror ones.
His work is absolutely amazing, and a constant inspiration.
One day I was reading a blog and saw a needle-felted tapestry.
I had never seen anything like it and I was curious, so I emailed the artist.
She was nice enough to explain the basics.
From there I just bought some roving and needles and started poking.
The term unschooling was coined by John Holt in the 1970s.
He was a teacher who, in observing his students, first began to believe in and advocate for school reform and later came to the conclusion that no amount of reform could solve what he saw as the problems inherent in compulsory schooling.
Some of the basic ideas behind unschooling are that people are naturally driven to learn and that, with the support of their parents, kids can best learn to live in the world by living in the world.
In general, homeschooling parents have some sort of agenda for what they think their children need to learn and unschooling parents don’t.
My kids (who are 16 and 12) make friends in much the same way adults do.
They do things they are interested in, meet other people who share their interests, are introduced to new people, meet people as they’re out and about, etc.
They had (and have) support from myself, their dad, and lots of other people who love them as they learned to navigate social situations.
I’ve always loved to write, so it was pretty natural for me to explore the philosophies and day-to-day realities of unschooling through writing.
I started out writing just for myself, moved on to writing on message boards and email lists, and then had some articles published in various magazines.
Eventually a friend suggested I write a book.
It was a long process for me, in large part because I wanted to be sure my writing about unschooling didn’t interfere with my time with my kids, which would have been some weird irony.
I can’t stand coconut.
And you know how everyone who likes coconut says, “But this is different – it’s coconut but it doesn’t TASTE like coconut”?
Always a big fat lie.
Yes, even those Girl Scout cookies.
I think we can choose to find joy in any moment, rain or shine.
One thing I like to do when it starts to rain is to tip my face up and feel it rather than shrink up into myself and try to hide from it.
(In that I was inspired by a character in Another Roadside Attraction, by Tom Robbins.)
I try to meet everything in life that way – to feel it, experience it, find some joy in it.
I have so many happy childhood memories that I couldn’t possibly choose.
I come from a big family with lots of love to go around.
Listening to my dad’s stories, racing my mom for the mail, big family dinners, gardening, refinishing furniture, throwing a ball over the barn roof, falling asleep to the sound of the hockey game on TV, spending long days at the beach, painting, sleepovers, lying in the grass – I’d take any of it again, even the not so perfect moments.
But I’m just as happy to see what comes next.
As part of her parade of pets project, Starglowstudio has created this lovely depiction of a butterfly based off one of my photos.
Click the image to the left to see the full work.
Love it.
Of course, by the time you see this, it may have already sold....
To participate in the parade of pets yourself email this seller images of the animals in your own life.
She gives a special discount on sales to contributors, and it is well worth it to see your image as her art....
This butterfly photo was first seen and discussed in this post, way back when, thanks Kristy...
Alright.
So it was an enjoyable film.
Popcorn worthy.
I dare say it is best viewed in a theater.
Even though we have been inundated with so many special effects that none care anymore, portions of this film are undeniably pretty.
And I don't just mean the usual x-men film perpetual gleam.
The last fight scene, and Hugh Jackman´s perpetually taunt muscular shoulders are stunning on the big screen.
It had a plot, which I will not spoil, a surprisingly good sense of humor, and some nice nods to the rest of the X-men universe.
(Look for baby Storm in the oddest of places)
Just one question that I think is playing on a lot of minds.
The most sexy and charismatic figure in that fictional world, was played by this guy.
He looks good at a distance, he even has a decent voice.
Was I charmed?
Should I be? still making up my mind.
My gut says no, the face is wrong, the accent... but I'd love to know what you think.
Tomorrow is my 23rd Birthday.
Do not expect a blog.
In fact, this one was pre-written and scheduled Sunday night.
I have a busy week ahead, with a child prodigy piano concert in the Teatro National, a sincere wish to finish Clea, the last (that I can get to, I have not read Justine) of the devilishly complicated and intellectually satisfying Alexandrian Quartet by L. Durrell.
Also, there is illustration work to do.
16 pages.
If it goes well, I'll post some here, if not, I may never mention it again... and then a swimming pool...ah warm weather...with slight clouds in the afternoon...that edge of rain that makes everything seem more vivid...
This is National Poetry month, I challenge anyone commenting today to post a line or two of their own works.
I got juried into an ISGB gallery show when it was here in Portland - it was bittersweet.
I got to meet many interesting people at the opening but the night before, they were moving furniture and broke my necklace.
However I had another to substitute.
my husband built me a small shed where I lampwork, it has huge windows - one always open for ventilation and we have a cord for electricity in there.
It's very close to the house.
It was really important to me to be a theatre major even though I'm not in the theatre right now.
I was a very shy, introverted person, it helped to develop my sense of humor and personality.
Also many wonderful memories of those 4 years.
It was a start of a creative journey.
Besides people's smiling faces and when wrong things are set right in front of me (like when a car cuts you off going waaaay too fast only to be pulled over miles ahead - I'm talking about justice being served)...So besides all that, it would be my trip to the ancient ruins of Machu Picchu, Peru "The Lost City of the Inca's".
I stayed with my dad and brother at the base of the mountain in a town called Aguas Calientes, where they have natural hot springs that cost about 25¢ a person for all day.
The view from the springs is mainly focused upwards to the surrounding mountains with the most beautiful foliage and bird life I've ever seen.
But the day we went up the mountain 8,000 miles above sea level to explore the ancient ruins was by far one of the most brilliant and amazing things my eyes have taken in so far in 28 years.
The perfect structure of the walls and buildings and the fact that they were so structurally sound, is beyond impressive, especially when you compare it to how they've resorted to building homes and buildings since then.
They used a slight A frame when setting their stones, which were polished to fit exactly against each stone it touched.
The idea is much like a standing pose.
When you stand with your legs together, you are easily toppled, but when you spread your legs a bit and have a larger area to support weight movement, you find that you're balanced much better.
It was genius.
We climbed to 9,200ft. up the sister mountain Huayna Picchu which looked over the ruins.
It was there you could see how they built the city in the shape of 3 animals; a snake, a condor, and a puma, with the snakes tail drifting off to make the Inca Trail.
It was such a breathtaking experience, being able to walk through sound structures that were being built in 1460AD.
They were well equipped with working water, an amphitheater where the crowds would meet to listen to the king, and walls built with indentions perfect to slide your head in, and when one person talked it sounded as if the voice were coming out of a speaker created inside the indention.
It was a way of having meetings w here only those with their heads in the walls could hear what was being discussed.
Being able to see the touch of an ancient civiliza tion on the same earth we share would be one of the best things I've ever seen...
Although, on a completely different subject while in the Bahamas, the night I was returning to the set and rounded the corner that stretched about 200 yards to the end of a barge where s at The Black Pearl with smoke rising all around it and the flames of torches lighting its surroundings was such an amazing sight to see, and knowing I was about to board the ship to play a pirate for a few hours, it will forever be ingrained in my memory.
A pirates life for me.
Disrespect, as in intolerance to others and their differences, not respecting others rights and needs, using bad language, trashing Mother Nature, please pick up your own trash!
Cars with booming speakers in the trunk, I used to pray the owners would go deaf, but then I got smart and now I pray they get ultra sensitive hearing.
I see the shop pretty much as it is but with a more steady flow of sales, it has doubled in the last year so hopefully the economy won't slow it down.
I would love to do my arts and crafts full time, but I have to live with reality, it will take time.
This one's easy.
The happiest and most exciting time in my life was getting presents from Santa Claus as a kid.
Having some magical being secretly looking after me and then granting my material wishes at the end of each year absolutely blew my mind!
Here I was in a world where logic and science, (plus the First Baptist Church of Forest City, NC) had taught me everything I knew about how my world worked.
And Santa Claus somehow by-passed all these laws of psychics; cause we had a wood stove, so I couldn't even begin to comprehend him squeezing his fat a** down through these tiny pipes and then somehow unlocking the door to the stove from the INSIDE and climbing out WITH PRESENTS.
But by God, somehow, he did it.
Every freakin year!
But the one moment I would want to relive would be the first Christmas I wrote in my letter to Santa asking if he would wrap all my presents
individually so I could have fun opening them in random order without knowing everything I got all at once.
And he did it.
And it was awesome.
And he continued to do that until, what takes me to the one moment I would NOT want to relive in my life.
And that moment is stretched between 2 moments including me in the 6th grade cafeteria stating my case, at the top of my lungs, that Santa Claus WAS real because there's no way my parents would make something like that up and have me believe it just for fun.
Because in my mind I had already pondered this conundrum for years and came to the conclusion that it made absolutely no sense that my parents would buy me presents, and then let someone else take the credit.
The other moment is me in the car with my mom when I asked her, after telling her the events of the day, if Santa was real.
She then began to explain that it was the spirit of Santa Claus.
I was devastated.
I had never felt so betrayed and so confused in my life.
I then had to challenge every mythical creature I believed to actually be real.
It was a weird year.
Looks like I may have given you more than you asked for with that question:)
PS - I still get presents from "Santa" and they are individually wrapped:)
My childhood was a total land of make-believe.
And I'm still finding quite a few traces of it to this day.
I think that keeps me younger.
I spent a lot of my time up in trees as a kid.
So much so that my dad finally built me a clubhouse.
And he went all out.
It was built on an embankment so that one side of it was held up by cut telephone poles.
It featured built in bunk beds, a lockable door, 2 lockable windows, a fire pole, a zip line and a trap door escape route.
It was built right above a creek that led to the Broad River and an enormous train trestle, right in front of the local slaughterhouse, which I used to explore at night when the watch patrol was
at it's minimum (I'm talkin' security guards and surveillance cameras - in fact, I used to sneak up there and put huge butterfly magnets on the part of the building above the security tower only to return another day to find them gone - i just loved the fact that it was a mystery to them how these butterfly magnets kept appearing, hehehehe).
It was a virtual playground and having drawn the map of the entire lay out of the land, I practically owned it.
It's funny now as I still find myself up in trees on a daily basis as I work for a lighting company in Atlanta that decorates the city with Christmas lights, which gives me about 8 months of work a year.
Although I'm finding my increasing age, weight and perhaps my state of mind an increasing hindrance when it comes to climbing trees and decorating them with light.
I sometimes wonder how much longer I'll be doing this, when, as far as me being artistic and expressing my creativity, it naturally comes out in the form of music.
I've been playing the piano since age 4 but have always been more interested in making up my own material rather t ha n learning the theory and playing other people's music, despite my 12 years of lessons.
This is a constant creative struggle for as I'm surrounded by people influencing me to learn songs with the purpose of being able to take requests.
Because at the moment, I can't take any requests.
I can play you hours of music, but I can't take requests.
And as much as I think I'd like to be able to do that, I don't want to put the effort behind it.
Just something inside me doesn't want to do that.
I like making my own music and finding the people who like it enough to be satisfied with what I create...
Once again I find myself grouped with a lovely set of fellow etsy sellers in a feature, this time the theme is spirals, or round round, "curves, hoops, swirls" to check out the full selection, click on the featured photo from new York, to the left within the next two days.
This image was captured near 59th street, in my favorite city, near the subways exit and entrance.
The day I took this shot the intersection was under construction, and there was also a man with a clipboard interviewing passers by on their religious views and thoughts about the afterlife.
I snapped this just after giving him my own answers.
It makes me feel calm & peaceful and reminds me of some of my very favorite things; my daughter’s eyes , the ocean, summer skies, my favorite old jeans… Blue is the color of eternity...
Oh, we would so live in Provence, France, somewhere in the countryside near Aix… It would be wonderful; summers with lavender-laden breezes, trips to the ocean, old Roman monuments, buying fruit & honey from local markets.
Winters with a wood fire inside an old farmhouse, good books, wine - and enough time to make lots of jewelry!
My muse is mainly nature – though that doesn’t always translate directly!
Sometimes it’s a color combination or a feeling evoked by looking at scenery that I try to capture with silver & gemstones.
I once based a beautiful necklace of pearls, smoky quartz & adventurism on a piece of driftwood I had seen floating in the English Channel!
Yes, REALLY!
If I could change something about me it would be to become more self-assured and confident, care less about what others may think about me…
