The night sky makes one realise the insignificance of being in the cosmic meanings of the universe that shall never be defined.
The stars that are dead still shine, like happy memories of childhood.
Across the universe, the planes rush in one after the other to the airport that is near the roof I stand gazing at the cosmos, feeling the importance of my own insignificance.
As the windows of the low planes shine bright, a gush of life falls on to the larger-than-life unending sky.
Up there in the sky are souls like mine, anticipating a quick landing after a long day, homecoming, and a quick night's sleep which cannot differentiate between a grown up and a child.
On a different layer of the universe, a plane slowly trudges along, from a distant corner of the world, and it is just a speck; like the dying star.
As the clouds ocassionally engulf its fire-fly like lights, I almost feel that the universe has consumed it, taken it to where it belongs while we are kept wondering what the other side of the picture is like, our dreams limited by the high walls of logic.
May be we are like the distant dying stars.
Shining on, where the mad dreams die to give way to reason.
Maturity is all about accepting that life is going to hurl dollops of boredom at you, and you've just got to sit back and watch as it happens to you.
I am not quite fond of the existentialist chaps whom I don't understand but I suppose I at times get why they were so cranky about life.
Too much of maturity does that to you.
But of course, the happy-and-peaceful romantic comedies of the world are just going to make you believe that what is happening is funny, and in the long run you are going to spend your life crankily-happily-ever-after with the chick of your dreams, or something similarly fairytalish.
This is what I believed for a long time, till education happened to enter my mind like some obnoxiously stingy smell that you just can't avoid on the road even if you put your handkerchief in front of your nose like you are kidnapping your own self.
With age comes excessive questions getting thrown at you about life and other profound nuisances.
I ocassionally wish to retort that I can't think so much as I am going to die someday anyway.
Might as well be peaceful in the meantime.
Education and maturity nexus will question you as to what you want to be and become, whether a snooty academician who throws brillianty obscure post-modernist discourses on the dining table, or someone who works for a living, and then utilising the money to live life one's own way.
It will be a bit sad if I find myself being defined and redefined by the small number of people I know, on the basis of my education or the lack of it.
Sometimes I wish to be more, or less, than a mere definition of educational degrees and professional jargons.
Sometimes I guess one would like to stick to the childhood fairytale dreams that might give one a small life, but a valuable one, to me and to people I appreciate.
But if scholastic intellectual brouhahas crept into everyday life, in every mundane experiences, then I suppose much of this world will remain unappreciated.
The idea of staying away from home began late in my life.
Bred within the grand comforts of familiarity where even the hostile dogs on the roads are familiar enemies, a completely new city entail much excitement.
So my appreciation for all the hardhips of life that hostel life entails is of much intensity.
Along with the sense of liberation that you might feel, where several minutes in a day give you the whoopie feeling, the levels of toleration that one is born with is indeed increased manifold, up to a point when a rat is literally doing bungee jumping above your head, you can relax and continue with your task and let the fellow be.
I've been alloted a hostel that's supposed to be the oldest in my campus.
this entails families of rats that have been raised from generation to generations, and therefore have expertise of sniffing their ways into food like a trained hound.
it also entails mosquito repellant resistant mosquitoes, some humble termites that recently made a friend of mine look like he's had the pox all over again and some darned dogs that breed like bunnies and proliferate the entire Earth in order to replace human race, someday very soon.
And I am not alone.
The jungle here is appealing.
There's a joke that if one sees a nilgai in the first week of being in the campus, one is supposed to complete her PhD from here.
In all fairness, I wish to run away.
But to top it all, I have seen five such so called lucky charms, often in pairs which implies many more unborn nilgais in the making.
Strange are the charms of luck.
Then there are cats who stare at you, and you can stare back too.
It's a game of who bats one's eyelids first.
But cats are fine.
My balcony also sees - what one of my friends searched in the internet to find out that its called a civet- stealthily climb up.
We had a mutual moment of passion where we stared into each others' eyes while it dangled its tail.
Then I silently went back, brought a can of baygon and sprayed in all my glory.
My revenge was taken, and my uninvited guest has so far decided to run away for good.
South Delhi, I conclude, has a lot of animals, human forms included.
But indeed, it's fun.
the days end when you wish to, the dead of the night is filled with wide-awake people on the roads, and libraries that are stacked with all sorts of books, YET kind enough to let us humble mortals access Facebook to spy on people's life like good old times when we had only studies to do, and some entertainment and the rest, that were taken for granted thanks to the odd blessings like parents, familiarity and neighbourhood.
Life away from home is supposedly odd.
It's everyone's life away from home out here, some more and some less.
But, well, with a good friend or two, it's all good after all.
Much like others I thought of writing a sentimental note on leaving the city for a couple of years.
Then the cliched saying that the home is where the heart is reminded me of the diagram of the heart which we used to draw in school, that shattered the concept of heart much popularised by yash Chopra movies.
The idea of the auricles and the ventricles and all that complications spoilt the whole romanticism that I was intent on outpouring, Nirupa Roy style, on this writing of mine.
Anyway, I guess you've got the hang of it and wish to kill me now.
Since I can remember bits and pieces of my life, the city has never let me be alone.
I've found familiarity in the air as I trudged along the city in trams and buses, ferries and boats and trains.
I've often felt the confidence that if I ever felt alone, the riverside would be there to make me feel that everything's fine after all.
As I'll leave, I won't probably go with too heavy a heart.
I'm looking forward with much positive gusto.
But I'll probably be leaving with some tinges of a confused soul, a little less dreamy about things I were confident about in the past, and strange nostalgia about places that made some moments of my life breathtakingly beautiful.
As great minds sat to rhyme out tales
They wondered how they will be read:
Will they be like all the poets famed
Or the ones that the readers dread.
My heart too yearns for a little praise
For which I sometimes selfishly write.
But Alas, that requires a great flair,
Which I lack, I must surmise.
So while the clock ticks away to eve
And boredom has gripped my senses,
I am sure to keep my readers peeved,
As in poetry doesn't lie my talents.
The uniqueness of love is overrated.
Call me a sceptic which I vehemently shall say I am not, but the social pressure of the search for uniqueness of love can be a tad bit annoying.
Love is the most common feeling that hormones induce, that comes with large doses of hatred, jealousy and other strong admixtures that people fear giving a name to, which would thereby legitimise their existences.
It sustains out of habit, like the side of the bed one is fond of, or the perfect sandwiches that one can call their favourites.
They are all brilliant feelings no doubt, with each sandwich, as time passes, one will become comfortable and familiar with it, though each day it's taste will not bowl you over to death like love at first sight.
But familiarity breeds fondness.
Of course, the mind looks for greener pastures that proverbially always remains on the other side which you can see but never prance upon with equally glorious feelings.
I mean, the sight of the mud, the roots and the discarded chocolate wrappers stuck between one or two dead grasses do not make the best of pictures, if you know what I mean.
So, while you know that the love in hand is way more boring than hunting for the two coyly tempting from the bush, you might also deduce that when the bush twit is perched upon your forehand, after a day or two it will sing in the same boring tune.
Seven billion people, and eternally hormonal enthusiasm do make the world terribly dense with people.
So, there are probably millions of perfect persons out there that the cosmos decided to not meet with you because of the lack of common place in the time space continuum.
So the picture ain't that romantic comedy like all the time though with apt perception you can turn your life into one, at least a mere comedy if not a romantic one.
There's not much uniqueness in reality.
It's charm lies in it being common, mundane and everyday.
It's all in the perception, I suppose.
And I guess, the sooner we learn to appreciate commonness that has in it the ocassional streaks of uniqueness of our perceptions, the closer towards peace we shall be.
I learn in books what have been.
There has been wars.
There has been love, and a sea of things in between.
But then there are things that do not happen.
I wonder where we read about those.
The lives that could have been.
The famous men who could have ended in the grave before they wrote their masterpieces.
The music that could have not been composed because of the absence of a piano.
The lives that couldn't have changed because of the absense of the lives of others.
The birth that didn't happen.
The death that died young.
We live multiple lives, clearly grouped into two, but sometimes fuzzy in between.
The lives we live, and the lives of the mind.
But perhaps the life of the mind is a farce.
One wonders what will happen, and what could have happened.
But in the end, that life is nothing.
Because that life does not exist, except as an intangible corner, of the intangible mind.
Language is like a cracked kettle on which we beat out tunes for bears to dance to, while all the time we long to move the stars to pity'.
- Gustave Flaubert
I don't like to write with quotes.
I feel that it is a sad publicity of knowledge, as well as an inadequacy of the self that has to borrow, to express.
But sometimes, some are worth borrowing.
Sometimes, in defence of myself I shall say, it is absolutely fine to admit one's own shortcomings.
(I have plenty of those, but admitting to them is not one of my strong points).
Too much education makes us rely on words more than anything else.
Sometimes, a polished, poetic sentence of love is deemed higher than a crude, animate expression of affection.
But then, is poetry only the trickery of words, or is it also elsewhere, and everywhere?
Sometimes, it seems, that words are merely the tools that expressions use, when it's bursting out to be expressed.
It is inadequate.
But words are all that we have equipped ourselves with.
There are times when one feels that one has not expressed oneself as ardently as one would have wished to.
To burst out with passion every moment, is madness, they'd say.
With unbridled scope of expressing love, happiness, comes unbridled scope of expressions of hatred.
And to stifle the evil, one sometimes has to stifle the good as well.
Like, the Bible said, young Jesus gave up his good life to pay for the sins of mankind.
'Tunes for bears to dance to, while all the time we long to move the stars to pity'.
The necessity of strong vocabulary aside, words are only a poor man's arm to guard himself against too much of expressiveness.
All to maintain the cosmic balance of good and evil.
After all, what in this world is worthy, the wise shall say, if not moderation, sophistication, and decorum?
Optimism is overrated, and pessimism garbed in jargons of pragmatism, (as well as the importance of plastic surgery) highly underrated.
I was always glad that I've missed out on the Emo aspects of teenagehood.
I seemed annoyingly at peace with the world around me.
At the obscure age of two and twenty, I realise that it's not something that I've missed.
Just that my maturity progress has come in late.
Yes, I've finally reached the level of depressed teenager syndrome.
Better late than never.
:|
alcutta summer is not the time for profound thoughts.
Excessive sweat, stingy public transport and Glucon-D shots does not make a rosy picture.
The heat plays tricks on your mind.
My toleration level for almost everything normal was always low (however, I had mastered the art of tolerating major and minor irritants masquerading as people, till finally good sense sought to prevail) and summer blues have plunged them into dangerous thresholds.
Yet, for all it’s worth right at this juncture I am without an institution.
College has literally chucked me out that was quite evident when I handed over my library card (which, by the way, I was fond of using till I got with it a Franz Kafka, after reading which I had an eye infection- not that one needs to trace a philosophical causal relation into this one).
So basically I’m a free bird now.
But then, what can a caged bird suddenly kicked out do?
I realise I should have been more cool in the last three years, but then that’s a streak I am deficient in, amongst other pertinent social skills.
Studying history has given me a strict sense of writing with an introduction, a body with adequate jargon and a conclusion that does not quite gel with the rest, but is written because some blighted fellows believed it’s good to conclude.
As if every situation in life was worthy or unworthy of a conclusion.
My penchant for writing what the lay men call crap has also been inundated with such specific technical jargon that makes way for boring readership.
Ah, well.
Three years of college can make one realise that one can study without gaining a substantial amount of knowledge, but one can grow a talent to make up for it, by imparting, through lectures of various degrees garnished with high sounding intellectuality that sounds rather cool but has very little hint of substance in it.
Yes, if nothing else, three years of education can teach one how talks in the highbrow language of intellectuality and at the same time become a pedantic pain in the posterior.
I know, it’s a wonderful skill that shall hopefully get me a long way.
With age one comes across varieties of individual, to most of whom I am the aforementioned pain in the posterior.
But it’s a mutual phenomenon, which balances the whole thing and makes me believe in the cosmic balance of pain in the hind shared in this world.
This deep philosophical understanding can get one a long way.
However, in the process, one finds beings akin to oneself, and one finds solace in that.
All in all things have been pretty nice so far.
Yes, I am ebbing towards the Grand conclusion that they say is pertinent for good writing skills.
Well, I’ve never had any, so now that I’ve finished with all the randomness that I wanted to express, I shall leave it, inconclusively.
There's no dearth of talent in this long wide world.
There's the rockstars with lovely manes and guitars on every street, who enthral some amount of people or the other due to some talent as well as abnormally large population of the city, there are those talented experts on cinema to whom watching anything short of a Fellini or other directors with obscure European names is sheer blasphemy, and then there are those intellectually superior beings who combine all the intellectual forces available in the society and become some sort of a Nietszchean Superman.
My forte of intellectuallity, I proudly surmise, rests in my cluelessness.
Before one can ridicule me for my lack of exquisite taste in intellectual exercises, I must say that being clueless is an art that many can be the Jack of, but hardly the master.
To imbibe the art requires immense perseverance before you can proudly, when someone asks, 'where lies your passion', reply a bittersweet smile, 'Darling I've got no idea'.
To have clarity in the aim in your life is the new cliche.
It's what everyone does: Celebrate each day in ways that can render perfect photograph moment for the social networks, Go somewhere good to study.
Go where the moolahs are overflowing, meet the partner who's so much the embodiment of social perfection that the fellow can be sedatively boring, etc.
It's not at all that I am aimless.
But the art of being clueless entails so much more.
We can forget things we read, sleep, daydream, and remain completely unaware about how time works, and write anything for the sake of writing without any objective or aim.
Such writings, read by a few unassuming readers, have no rationale or purpose behind them being written, and leaves a feeling of irritating distaste for the aforementioned unassuming fellow.
Herein lies the quintessence of the art of being clueless.
Being practical is an art that many hankers for but can never master.
Some who does manage to reach a high point in life, where others can look up to them and admire for all their displayed glory.
The idea of never bunking school during examination years was a strict No-no in bold red in the How To Succeed As a Super-Geek Guide books.
Life has been simple, dreamy, untextured with intellectual brouhahas which, lets face it, kind of spoils the fun.
I mean, one really would'nt plan to woo a pretty girl with a quote from Tolstoy and hope to get away with it.
In brief, times were not always textured with pragmatism but were quite cool nevertheless.
Of course, then we didn't worry much about life and all that in entailed.
It simply meant living for the day.
A bit too immature a thought I'd admit now.
But of course time and tide waits for no man.
Before we know it, what passes off as wordly wisdom stifles a lot of old-school mush that our minds, nay, our hearts grew fond of.
Pragmatism and the progress of time is a great spoiler.
But dejectedly or not, I must admit that wiithout it, life amongst the wise wise men shall be tough.
There's very little Springtime.
But it's always beautiful.
Like the sound of the feet on fallen leaves.
The idle toothbrush accompanying yours.
Paper planes and childhood memories.
Oddly coloured drawing books of old school days.
Photographs.
The smell of new books.
Highways.
Numerous stars in a clear sky.
Moonshine.
Kites on a windy evening sky.
A shelf full of books, nay a room full of them.
Raindrops on windowpanes.
The sound of thunder.
Sudden darkness at daytime.
Midnight.
Conversations.
Daydreams.
Spring and beauty is for all.
But the little that comes to me, is all mine.
Growing up is such an ordeal, that with each year it throws in obscure realisations about life, future and all that mess.
I've often felt many moments as crucial junctures, accommodating present happenings into the larger idealised picture of the future that the mind creates for recreation.
It's often a comfortable happy task, and often one mingled with hope and a tinge of fear that my tendency to see things positively tries to stifle, often with grand success.
Honesty is not always my forte, I succumb to exaggerations because I love to be the good talker.
But my skewed sense of honesty often pricks in positions of discomfiture.
I see this time of my life as a critical juncture.
There's the hovering idea of where I might land up for further studies, compiled with a distaste for the thought that critical beings are going to make, well, critical remarks if I don't land up in a place that is not ostensibly good. it makes me feel scared of judgements.
But then, to think of it, of all the judgemental people I know, I'm probably one of the most prudish of them.
That brings me to judgements in the first place.
Of course, there is an evaluation body everywhere.
If not in the glares and appreciations of other people, then your own degree of conscience which is not adjustable because it in itself starts to judge the adjustments.
Quite the Big Brother.
But like all those big preachy words that fall flat when confronted with a reality check, I'd like to believe that keeping our own conscience and humility in place, we can only succeed if we learn to evaluate judgements dispassionately.
We run our tiny rat races to achieve little perfections of our own.
The right job where your bank balance is cool and your colleagues and bosses love you, the right school where the friends have just the right quotient of fun and sincerity, and the right relationship where you have all the love in the world, and the least fights to go with it.
There are I think two perfections we come across in every sphere of life.
One that's the idea and one which is the reality.
The mind has the liberty to create perfections from various strands of experiences.
We all want a bit of this and a bit of that; combine them and the mind has the perfection ready in a jiffy.
I think this mind's perfection often makes one overlook the little real ones that life offers us time and again.
While waiting for the ideal picture to take shape, we might forget to acknowledge what we really have.
But then, that's how we all are.
'm typically one of those sad fellows who finds immense joy in observing the lives of others.
That compensates for the lack in life, and also contributes humbly to the popularity of Mark Zuckerberg.
Very Utilitarian, I know.
And what better than human bondages, and their severances.
Anyway, so break ups are always supposed to be this sad affair that involves some hours of sentimental tear jerking, sniffs, reminiscences, what-ifs and some more of tear jerking.
But everything has a positive side, I'd always like to believe.
Post severances of alliances, one is liberated for a while, and that's when one can fondly check out the girls on the road without pangs of guiltiness (basing this on a dubious assumption that guilt pangs were felt when alliances were intact).
One's monthly budget is generously reduced, and one is not scolded for not calling up, or calling at the wrong time, or calling at the right time with the wrong purpose, or calling at the wrong time with the wrong purpose.
A lot of trouble is solved at one go.
There might be sudden feelings of being left alone for the rest of the life or something like that.
But it's never like that.
The world has too many people, and on top of that there are also too many people who wouldn't mind maintaining two or more relationships.
Nothing can be too bad in this world.
;)
So time is running fast.
A few days ago there was January, and a whole new year ahead of me.
And now it's December.
Resolutions never work for me.
I am too irresolute a person to tackle with New Years' Resolutions.
Getting some adipose has always been there in the list.
But needless to say, that's not happening as you all know.
But it's December.
And I like the racy feeling of having lots to do and having too little time for all that.
Somewhat like life, squeezed into the remnants of a month.
I'd like to cross the river on a ferry once more.
Get on to the top of a really tall building from where I can see the two bridges as well as Victoria Memorial.
The grand skyline always makes me feel that I'm just a tiny dot in this big world, and it's a nice feeling.
I'd like to see the night sky and stars for a long time.
I'd like to hear the ship's siren from the docks near Calcutta on 31st midnight.
I miss that since my six year-old days.
I want to be on the college grounds.
This shall probably be the last time I look at it like this.
I want to sing myself hoarse with people whose company I cherish.
I want to go to school and sing Christmas carols.
I want some Decembers back.
There's so much to do in a fraction of a month.
A few days later there'll be a new month, and a whole new year ahead of me.
am fond of reading.
In fact with time I am realising that I am so fond of it that I'm quite dealing with a lifestyle dangerously close to being sedentary.
Of course the adipose associated with isn't providentially turning up, but then that's one hope I've given up.
I had resolved to read a certain book by this year and am having to deal with it now that it's December and the Earth is revolving a bit too fast for me it seems.
The book talks about how certain criminals are necessary for the greater good, or something like that.
All fair and all that.
It did set me into thinking deep.
I've been thinking about having thoughts.
Thoughts that I often sentimentally deem profound because of my inherent quality of self-appreciation; a view that most does not share with me for logical reasons.
And I think of life, the world around me, the cows and people living on grass, on people not living on grass, and all the remaining stuff that one can think about to kill time.
And I by divine intervention realise the whole problem of mankind.
It's thinking.
Whatever Descartes may have had to say about it being the essence of being and all that, thinking kind of tends to make things a mess.
I mean, the basic thoughts are quite okay.
Look at the early men, of course they thought on some levels.
They slept, ate, procured food, mated like bunnies and scooted off to heaven sooner or later.
Constructive thinking obviously led to fire and all that jazz, but I suppose they wouldn't be too fond of reading stuff that are supposed to have a deep impact on the intellect of mankind.
I think a lot, mostly because I am too lazy for anything otherwise; but there are times when I suppose one needs to pause all that profound intellectual brain-digging for sometime, and be at peace.
Else, boredom inevitably follows.
There's something about agony aunt columns that hugely attracts me.
I mean, who wouldn't like to read about sixteen year old hormonal beings confused about which girl to choose, what alcoholic experiments to indulge in or ask the very pertinent question of which is better: studies or sleazy movies.
Of course relationships receive primary focus.
I wonder what it is about relationships that makes it so popular.
Look at the movies, agony aunt columns, advertisements, songs, story books.
Almost all has some liberal dose of man-woman bonding.
So there are those stories where one specimen of human nature wants to bond with another specimen, or there's the case of actual bonding, or cases of post breaking up of bonds between human specimens.
The good stories bring in multi-specimen-bonding angles resulting in infidelity of some sorts that ironically make it all the more charming.
(I mean, look at Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks in You've got Mail.
They both were cheating on their partners on some sort of a higher level but it is to me of the best romantic movies I've ever seen).
And thus love is always in the air.
Or at least some other forms of it that can be passed off as such when garnished well.
There's the hopefulness of finding new love, the happiness or the stagnant phase of worn out love stories and the post-break up love stories of the single hearts.
However macho one might be, I suppose it's hard to ignore the mush, when it is all around you.
So, it's good weather alright.
Of course everyone has noticed.
So has their cameras which now is busy capturing the nascent wintriness that's all around us.
Subtle, gradual, yet timid.
There are pictures in the memory cards thats ready to be published on the favourite online networking sites with a copyright sign making it vehemently one's own, however ocassionally unphotogenic it may be.
There's soon going to be pictures of pretty people with their new winter clothes that now adorn their wardrobe.
There's going to be status updates of the foggy mornings and the lazily late suns.
Happy ones.
For we feel what we express.
A few scribbly blog updates about how heavenly and breathtaking nature really is when it is in a mode of metamorphosis.
A few more expressions without really coming in touch with people.
Are you alone as you see winter come?
Not really.
Are you not alone?
Well, again, not really.
There's the virtual modes of communications you see, where we choose to express ourselves as the world turns cold around us.
It would have been sad if music was the monopoly of musicians.
As I sit in my room while the world around me proudly shines in festive glory, I hear around me the music that my city hums on its own.
May be, nothing is without rhyme and reason.
Everything in this world has their rhythm, their pattern that they can call their own.
The universe of our mind has a cosmic regularity that aberrations often make us take note of.
It would be a pity if we reduced music to what only predetermined instruments can make, because in reality it is everywhere.
It is in the wind of the thunderstorm that gives a thrill in our heart and makes the heartbeat come truly alive; in the footsteps as we trace a line along the squares of the red pavements in the city of joy; in the raindrops on the tinned rooftops of fallen buildings, in the river as the oars stride against it under the backdrop of the grand bridges that caress the skyline of the old capital with old glories; in the silent breathing of the dejected dog forlorn in the corner of the pavement; in the verses of a poet; in the water from the tap, slowly easing itself, in the dead of the night when the world is asleep; in the silence of the night when the cricket sings; in the punctual regularity of moonshine, in life itself.
There’s a hidden song everywhere.
And that makes me feel nice about everything else.
Cinder-Mann was typically the tragic being.
Oppressive alcoholic father and a spendthrift sister who'd burn a hole in his pocket before he could replenish it with his salary.
He was sad.
He'd while away his time reading books and hoping that the world would become a greater place.
The father married time and again for the fun of it, and ended up being quite a bit serious about a rather pretty widow with two kids of her own.
Now Cinder-Mann had two other kids burning holes into his little pocket.
Sad story.
Some say that the brothers were ugly and mean and described them using all the negative words possible.
But I secretly believe that it was just to increase the great tragic quotient of our hero.
However, the fact remains that he was having a tough time and couldn't see any silver lining whatsoever.
There was a big party in the city palace where Princess Charming was coming.
Some say she looked like Audrey Hepburn in Roman Holiday.
She wasn't really a princess you know.
But she was, well, quite swell.
And men admired her both for her looks and her sharp tongue that would win both the hearts and the intellects.
Cinder-Mann wanted to go.
But he felt like William Thacker of Notting Hill or something like that.
Well, Charming was way out of his league, and while his step-brothers happily dressed up to woo the lady, Cinder-Mann sat near the fire moping about his distress.
And then suddenly came a fairy.
She asked for weird stuff like mice and pumpkins.
But while our hero suspected her to be some sort of a loony medieval witch, she had in the mean time created a dazzling coach and sparkling suits that made our man look like a movie hero.
Seriously, sometimes all it takes to take off commonness is good clothes.
Anyway, he went to the ball and princess was visibily smitten by his charm.
Yet when the clock struck twelve, the man disappeared, leaving behind a shiny boot.
The princess looked for it and later found Cinder-Mann distressed, sitting in rags.
She was a nice person and asked him to tell what happened.
He narrated his sad story while she patiently listened.
Due to her charitable disposition, she married the chap.
Of course, divorce ensued but the alimony was enough for Cinder-Mann to live happily ever after.
Most of the philosophical brouhahas are about life, to define them in a nutshell.
I'm not a cynical person and therefore I don't see life as a series of agonising days where my primary desire every morning is to slash my wrists and see how people mourn my plight.
Sentimentality is fine.
We all need bits and pieces of it to stay in tune with emotions.
But when sentimental extravaganza spills over into pessimism-filled distaste towards everything life has to offer, it is, to put things mildly, a bit over the top.
One might argue that I, having a peaceful life so far, am clearly too unaware and immature to comment on a matter so serious.
Of course I can't defend that.
Immaturity is just another human trait in me that I cannot get rid off.
We all hope for something better that's going to happen at some point of time.
We look back upon good times with tinges of nostalgia and silent sniffs somewhere around the olfactory area.
But let us face it, we live right at the moment.
The rest are either dreams or memories lived.
Somewhere down the line, I feel it is so much more important to realise that all the hurdles that life presents us are merely an obstacle to clog our greater picture.
They are like the small air-pockets that aeroplanes often plunge into.
More often than not the big birdie manages to fly alright.
(Of course those prematurely deceased due to plane crashes are cursing me from above).
I've always wanted to be happy.
Till I realised that there's nothing to plan for.
I'm happy for the moment anyway.
And that makes a lot more sense than what the past gave or what the future holds.
Too much enthusiasm is detrimental to health.
Sometimes, the mind is in a state of utopia.
Everything works according to your own will.
And then there's the collusion with reality that erodes much of it's dreaminess.
Welcome to the festive season.
It's the season of make or break romances, heart burns, vanity, larger than life realities and realisations of the unmakings and makings of friendships.
The world shrinks itself into the city with make-belief palaces cropping up here and there, glittery streets that otherwise wear an old forlorn look, girls with prettiness painted on their faces and others wearing their hearts on their sleeves with much elan.
There's music.
Not a single street is devoid of them.
And there are short midnight naps and exciting mornings when one looks forward to their single day of living larger than life, going beyond the mundane humdrums of everyday details.
And there's hope of something magical happening each day.
Hope is one of those greatest shatterer of hope itself.
No reality can live up to the expectations the mind creates for oneself.
It's the festive season.
Sometimes, I think, one just needs to realise that inspite of the unwillingness to accept it, we've grown up into prim and proper grown-ups.
The type we used to hate when we were kids.
The ones who'd curtail our freedom, be it the ice cream cone or the battery-operated aeroplanes that would transform our rooves into giant airfields.
Enjoyment has reduced itself to hours of pre-planning, worries and joyous recalling and consolations of the one day of every three-month when we all can say we enjoyed, pictures hoarded up for the world to see are the required proofs.
We;ve learnt the art of deliberation and rejection.
But on our way to become composed adults, I suppose we had to lose the child in us.
I saw the sea in the heart of the city today.
No, I'm not delirious.
True story.
My college is in an area where even if you have one of those little fountains under which Jaya Prada used to dance in her movies, there's going to be some great amount of water-logging.
And I saw the city come alive amidst all the discomfort.
Students grumbling on their way back, would remember this day when they fondly look back upon their college days, little boys on their way back experimenting in knee deep murky water as if they didn't care for all the dirt... every mother's nightmare.
Cars almost wading slowly, wipers fast moving, trousers up till the knees, umbrellas bright, clashing against low lying roofs of roadside second hand bookstalls that has a misty smell of old books and moist wind, the college folks of the male kind hoping that the pretty ones of their female counterpart will do a Sridevi stunt in the rain, hawkers hurrying to take their items off the road before the water devoured them, Hand-pulled cycle rickshaws suddenly getting a life back from their collective demise as people realise they are the only comfortable mode of transport in the temporary creeks of the city, Ambassadors showing their might over the sleeker cars, food stalls bursting with people, wet umbrellas and murky shoes.
As life went on.
Just another day went by.
While I was safely huddled in a car hoping that the water won't seep into the engine, I saw my city come alive around me.
Much of my college life’s pedagogic moments have been spent trying to make sense of polite squabbles amongst intellectually superior historians.
Not that I mind, because debates and discourses are supposed to make us mortals become enlightened soul and all that.
But such scholarly debates are often boring to our spring-like minds, to say the least.
The historical debates go something like this:
Elton: There was a Tudor Revolution in Government.
Other chaps: No there weren’t.
Elton reloaded: Yes there was, (with modifications on his views, and slightly annoyed but refuting with gusto)
Some other chap: no there weren’t… and then a lot of other intellectual fellows have a go at it.
(The uninitiated reader drops dead...
I eagerly survived because of an excellent Professor who made them very interesting and won our hearts in the process).
Anyway, such scholarly debates can be intellectually stimulating and all that, but often not very humorous.
Hence, a blog-debate was much fun to read.
A fellow blogger explains with much humour ingrained with an idea of the reality that is essential, the pain in the posterior that stereotypical attitudes can be, as a reply to another post where another fellow soul of the female kind ranted about the libidos of dilliwalas amongst other things in a way as if all the stupid, men of the world are imported from Delhi annually.
(To be fair, though I don't agree with the view, it was fun to read).
It set me thinking.
I mean, we all do have our sets of stereotypical notions I suppose.
It’s the notion that one’s stereotypical notions are infallible is what becomes troublesome to those who oppose it.
I’ve come across people look down rather snobbishly upon people who prefer Bollywood movies to Parallel cinemas, (or conversely, judge people by their appreciation of Truffaut, Fellini and the likes who by the way are becoming so popular amongst the intellectuals that they run the risk of becoming massy and thus losing their aura).
Or categorise the Chetan Bhagat fans as uneducated.
I mean, it’s okay to not like Chetan Bhagat or Bollywood.
But no one is making it compulsory for you to marry that particular fellow who appreciates all these stuff.
So one might as well give the neurons some rest.
And let us accept it.
All Bengalis are not fond of Tagore.
He was this awesome chap no doubt, but one really can breathe, eat, drink, be merry and do all that even without going head over heels for him or singing his songs in every possible occasion.
Also, all men here don’t play football, or have midnight dreams about Sourav Ganguly.
Nevertheless, however much we shall rant, India is too big a country to let go of stereotyping people.
It’s like, if you have a farm with two sheep, you might name them Tom and Harry.
But if you have a hundred, you might as well address them simply as that big flock of sheep.
(I am not great at explaining, and this is the best I could manage).
Matrimonial columns are the best example of stereotypical ideas.
From the description of girls, it often seems that all are running after the same girl who is tall, fair, convent educated, of a particular caste, can cook, can sing, dance, knit, have a superbly fertile interior to top it all.
Anyway, come what may, the art of randomly categorising people shall remain eternal I suppose.
I've been there, done that.
But at least we can be mature about it.
The lonely soul's companion and pillow-friend since adoloscence, reading often is a more desired choice than people themselves.
But I suppose that's more so because the characters are what you interpret them to be.
In case of people, they are what they interpret themselves to be, and the choosy human mind can't always adjust with the inadjustments.
Of course, such is only one of the cases and not the only one.
Appropriate disclaimers always have their roles.
As we aspire to study more and become worldly wise, we try to grow into an intellectual level that is distinctly different, nay, loftier than the general mass.
There are the austere readers who not only chide those who do not read, but also those who read books that the aforementioned strict fellows does not themselves like.
There are the readers who believe that one who doesn't read isn't made the proverbial man.
They say books are supposed to broaden our minds.
But often, contempt for anything less intellectual does a wonderful counter-productive job of narrowing it.
The walls are adorned with the Kafkas, Camus and Doestovoskys.
One is often proud of their knowledge of all the big names of letters.
often the more obscurely famous, the better.
But it takes a lot more than reading, to broaden one's mind with the fodder of ones intellectually stimulating textual pleasures
I'm tired of trying to create nice imageries in my writings.
I start with a high on sentimentality enthusiasm but it ends with a dejected whimper.
Too much inspiration kills the originality within.
That brings me to the weird question: where does one's originality lie?
Since a kid, one is being taught to articulate the rules of life according to set social norms.
Therefore, the impressionable mind of the kid learns to stick out her tongue mockingly at a passerby because some other bored fellow did the same to her.
Not very original, but then, it has not been a terribly conscious attempt at imitation.
Hence, pardoned.
The madmen that you see on the road doing stuff that you wouldn't imagine doing on the roads is being original.
But no one's going to give the chap some super-hyped prize for originality.
One's services are original and not bordering on lunacy when it is restricted to socially accepted norms.
Be original, but within limits of course.
Abberations can scare the hell out of people, and that is just not very nice.
We are sensitive folks, you see.
There are two kinds of people I know of, one is sad, the other is happy-sad.
It is so much easier to be sad.
The old philosophers always tried to find out the dazzling key to happiness, and apart from a few cool Hedonist chaps, most of them gravely say that happiness is in God/The Ultimate/salvation and all that.
I mean, eternal happiness is always seen in something that we cannot perceive.
(Oh yes apart from the Paolo Coelho-ian 11 minutes maximum, as they say).
Happiness is seen as momentary flashes, episodes in our lives that predominate the memory often, like a mother seeing her newborn.
It's not eternal because life provides us with too many things otherwise.
But sometimes we forget the charm of this little happy moments to try to seek the Greater thing that in all probability is too intangible.
We strive for the eternal bliss.
Paradoxical as it may sound, we take immense pain in trying to achieve it as well.
And we are so shifty in our idea of happiness.
There's joy in winning, and conversely there's joy in seeing someone else lose.
It gives a feeling of contentment to know that what you probably could not do, someone else cannot either.
The confidence grows at the expense of someone else's failure, unable to interpret the fact that the same failure might at some time be yours.
We mortals have created bubbles around us of self confidence.
They work as long as they aren't pricked hard enough.
After that, we all are the same vulnerable souls.
Money sometimes matters you know.
Assured full scholarship provisions can deal with the rest.
I used to study in a school where 50% of the students couldn't pay their fees while the rest of the students who could afford, paid slightly more to compensate.
And, albeit your criticisms, I think most students come out from the school as socially aware adults.
It is imperative that an institution should use the resources of those who can afford, to compensate for those who cannot.
I don't know much about economics but my common sense says it is simply a case of transference of money from those who have surplus to the coffers of the deficit areas.
Provided fiscal assistance is assured for those who cannot afford right from the beginning, I don't see why the rest can't dole out more.
I mean, say, simply by cutting down one's smoking costs, one can balance the whole thing you know.
The question then isn't about money over merit, but the development of the fund of an institution like Presidency planning to perch itself on the road to success.
(This is a personal response to some students' movement against fee hike in Presidency University.)
Often, the quietness outside is endearing.
In the darkness and silence of the night, one can see a whole new world come out of nowhere, busily making the most of time till daylight breaks.
The shadows play, the little door in the corner creaks to let out a cat that stealthily got into the unaware kitchen.
The world outside is sleepy, resting after the tiring day.
And one feels content and happy, and thinks about all the good times and all that is gleeful, garnished with red heart balloons.
Not when the God-cursed city behaves like it's a big boiling tub of sweat.
I was about to be more descriptive but certain things are better left unsaid.
Next to extensive water-logging inducing monsoon, summer seriously annoys me.
I never could get it why Enid Blyton would talk of summers in such an endearing way, but of course it was like our winter.
One would obviously find that great.
This weather makes one think of all the jobs left unfinished, all the things to work on the eleventh hour of yet-another-examination, all the people with whom closure was never achieved in the form of choicest hard hitting one liners that sound very cool in one's head, all the good food that wasn't eaten because the humidity makes you question the honour of mutton biriyani, all the sunscreen advertisements, and all the food that turned awry but you've realised that only after they've settled in your hapless stomach.
