What is it with me and late realizations?
So this happened a few months ago.
I alighted the bus and was on my way towards the dull brown building.
I expected the usual aroma of a freshly baked bread mixed with coffee as I neared the café-bakery adjacent to my office.
Instead a familiar warm aroma literally made my olfactory nerves jump.
It was the aroma of tempered curry leaves.
The first couple of seconds I was so comfortable with that aroma, that I didn’t realize how out-of-place it was.
When I did realize it, I looked left and right, to find the source.
But then it was gone, just as suddenly as it had appeared.
Every morning when I would get up for school, then college and then work, this was the aroma that actually woke me up.
My mom multi-tasked in the kitchen like a goddess with 3 pairs of hands.
She hurried around to pack our lunch boxes.
My dad egged everyone to get ready and kept them moving.
After all if even one of us was late, he would have to drop them at the bus stop or the station or till the school/college gate depending on how late they were.
Miscellaneous incidents would take place even in that frenzy.
In no particular order - A broken button from the shirt.
A waterbottle that never made it to the school bus.
An polished shoe.
Nails with nailpaint that was supposed to be removed last night.
Last moment requests for money to buy files and assignment papers from college.
Morning news informing about bus/train strikes.
Earrings that didn't match the dress.
And the worst nightmare of all, forgotten homework!
What a morning drill it used to be!
What does it have to do with late realizations you might ask?
Well, that morning when this aroma met my nose, it brought back these memories.
As I pressed the up arrow of the elevator, it dawned on me, how long it had been since I went through this morning drill.
I wished I could experience it again.
I wished I could smell that aroma which started the drill every morning, that smell of tempered curry leaves.
The meeting had adjourned almost half an hour ago, and yet I waited there.
Typing an email, commenting on a ticket, editing a spec.
Finally, I got up and switched off the lights of the conference room.
"Time to go home".
It was Friday evening, so the weird swish-swish of my jeans was the only distinct sound I could hear, as I leisurely walked along the corridor.
I had no reason to hurry home, no immediate plans, nothing special.
"But this day was special, wasn't it?".
I left the building.
There was a light breeze.
It had been exceptionally pleasant all week.
Stepping on to the curb across the street, ready to head towards my bus stop, I turned around.
Standing tall on a backdrop of a sky carelessly painted with a few clouds, was the Space Needle.
I smiled.
It had been a complete year...
Needless to say, the walk to the bus stop and the eventual ride home was filled with nostalgia.
The convocation ceremony, the moving, the good byes and the hellos.
They all came with their sweet and sour tinctures.
So many unbelievable moments had passed in just one year.
I remembered looking at the university's carrier dome from the plane.
What a moment it was.
That was the last time I looked at it from above as a student.
I remembered the many times I stood under that dome, in a line with a bunch of printed resumes in my shaky hands.
My elevator pitch incessantly running through my mind like a video game's background score.
I remembered taking the walk under that dome, being proclaimed a graduate.
I looked outside the window.
The lake was merrily waving at me.
A ferry chugged away in the water.
And the walking mountain stood majestically behind a veil of faded azure.
So many astonishing moments had passed in just one year.
I remembered last Fall when I missed the beautiful maple trees.
I remembered the snowy day I was stuck in traffic on that bridge.
The loud party when I got the scare of my life.
Being lost on my first day of work and being yelled at by a stranger.
I remembered the friendships, some old, some new, and one very special.
They kept me warm in the awkward drizzles.
I remembered the jitters from my first project's launch and the nerves from organizational changes.
But then came to mind the hi-fives from my colleagues.
They kept me afloat in the corporate rapids.
"Almost home".
I entered the gates, when out of no where a little pine cone plopped onto my shoulder.
It pricked a bit.
I remembered how unprepared I had been for almost everything that had come my way during these 365 days.
It must be one of those unwritten axioms of life.
No matter how prepared you are for something, there is always a surprise in store, if not many.
All those episodes that had strolled through my mind on my way home had been those of impending change or the unexpected.
So many great moments had passed in just one year.
So there's something called cross-selling that when put together with association rules ends up giving companies significant profits.
There are customers and segments and campaigns.
Alright, sometimes even I have to give in to the distraction monster.
Even my imagination is not willing to peek out of its shell thanks to the overpowering lethargy that this hour is imposing on my mind.
It's one of those days when I can only think sarcastically.
It's the lecturer's bane that I happen to be in his class on one of these days.
Honestly, but I just cannot digest this topic.
Oh by the way, its customer relationship management.
Ever since the class began this semester, I have only felt like its more about fooling customers with the help of sly techniques.
For some reason I have not been able to get myself out of the customers' shoes and look at these analytics, models and queries in a positive way.
And hence the disinterest towards the subject.
The only thing I can think of doing right now is blankly staring at the projector screen, that is currently displaying a large data flow diagram.
With a lot of reluctance I am going to stop writing and pay attention to what the pedagogue is saying.
Feels like i m getting ready to jump into ice cold water.
Here goes again.. warehousing, business workbench, customer analytics, infocubes, segments, accounting data, profit analysis.
how often has it happened to you, that you halt in the middle of an ardous journey because of a nagging feeling at the back of your mind.
your conscience keeps asking, "why the hell are you climbing this stupid cliff?
it's so difficult and painful.
you don't even know if you will be able to reach the peak.
just look at yourself, all sweaty and beaten.
don't you think you were better off down in the plains before you started this hike?"
it's hard to give a wise comeback to your conscience who is determined to make you end the tenous trip you are making.
but sometimes, all you have to do is turn around and look down at the path you covered already.
the distance you came to fulfill someone's dreams and you will find the answer.
"when i look down at the plains, i can see them looking up towards me with hope and pride.
their happiness is the reason i want to continue this journey.
i won't start the decline now. it may be less painful to climb down, but honestly there's a sweet pleasure in persevering because i know when i reach the top, it will be worth it."
These days I find it difficult to be homesick and not express it.
I have been trying to deny this fact but ultimately, caved in.
Again, it wasn't my weird state of mind, but a picture that triggered this pressing feeling of being away from the place I love the most.
My cousin happens to be an expert at graphics and animation.
While browsing through his album on a social networking website, I came across a design of a living room.
I continued browsing through the album until something struck me and I did a double take.
Was it really what I thought it was?
I left him a comment on the picture, asking if he had really modeled that place or was my perception running wild.
The picture of an old apartment which had lost itself in my mind under many layers of memories.
This was the place where we spent so many summer vacations of our childhood.
It was a time when an old black and white television was one of the many options of entertainment.
Games that were a product of our imagination were top priority on the time-pass list.
The neighbors' kids were our summer pals.
And although we met them once a year, saying hello to old friends didn’t feel like a feat.
It was as though I had popped open a bottle of soda, that was shaken enough so that the entire content spilled out as fizz.
Where were these memories hiding?
The matinee movies we watched on the television on Sunday evenings.
The weird card games we invented.
The crazy stories we made up, not to fool each other but because in our mind's eye they were true.
He-man with his buddies and Barbie along with her friends, would set off on adventures.
The dark space under the bed was a hiding place for monsters.
An endearing warmth spread inside me when all this flashed across my mind.
A one room kitchen apartment had the capability to hold in itself so much joy and love.
The reason is not so hard to figure out, is it?
It was a home.
Some say, home is where the heart is.
After today I beg to differ on this notion.
There is only that one special place in this world, where you can always return, whether immensely successful or totally beaten.
That place, your home will always welcome you for what you are.
ts official - I am homesick.
What I am about to write has been developing at the back of my mind for a long time now.
I finally felt that it was time to key it down.
The first thing I updated on my facebook status on landing home was - "And every time I see you my heart skips a beat..... Mumbai.....
I missed you....." Here's the story behind that thought,
I find the moments before the plane touches ground, especially poignant.
So it happened this time too.
I waited with bated breath as the plane hovered above the clouds.
I watched eagerly for a hint of blinking gold.
Minutes passed.
Slowly a glow arose from the earth.
It grew wider and Mumbai made its appearance.
The city looked like it was studded with golden lights.
There was a layer of radiance that floated above the city.
It was hard to take my eyes away from the sight.
My heart skipped a beat.
The moon drifting some distance away, made the scene even more beautiful.
It was somewhere around 3 in the morning; as expected the city seemed wide awake.
As I looked on, mesmerized to the core, I realized there was a rhythmic beat that Mumbai emitted.
Almost like a live pulse.
The words I had used to describe the city when I first saw it from above in a past email came to my mind, "Mumbai looks so alive... like trying to prove something..."
Be it from above or from within, Mumbai always makes a connection and on evenings like this one, I end up missing it.
There are people who love the city, there are those who hate it, and then there are those who just don't care.
But there are also a few like me who will always see Mumbai as the heartthrob it really is.
Diwali - a festival so special and dear to me, that last week the very thought of spending it away from home acted as a major demoralizer.
And yet, despite all the uncertainty, in complete antithesis to my expectations, this day turned out to be - Diwali.
It began with a long hearty chat with family.
The usual phone calls exchanging wishes with friends.
Already a warm glow was building up inside me.
Maybe this wouldn’t be as bad as I thought.
Afternoon came with a cook-off invitation (although I was made to think it was an invite to just chat and do TP), but hey, with my recently developed fondness for cooking, I didn’t mind it at all.
A Pav-bhaji that threatened to make its way out of the cooking pot any moment with a side of Masala pav, made from the recipe of a surprise cook!
The menu was infused with lots of laughter and a little nuttiness - to be more precise, I am talking the about uncalled-for dance steps being performed during the process.
An episode of f.r.i.e.n.d.s., and more laughter made the meal complete.
A perfect weather called for some outing, and we made our way to Green Lakes.
Fall is now showing its colors and the drive was just as beautiful as the location itself.
The camera clicked away as we breathed in the scenery.
A placid lake surrounded by trees in yellow, orange, red and of course green - perfect wallpaper material.
While some of us ooh-ed and aah-ed over nature, some of us were busy collecting leaf samples and others made analogies for amusingly silly things with the cryptic mysteries of programming.
The trail along the lake, also rejuvenated some humorous nerves and a peculiar alliteration was invented - I am not saying what it is.
A quiet Pooja in the evening and we started off for the temple in this region.
It was a simple temple, unlike most of the temples back home, but the serenity of the place settled down inside me.
A lot of fellow Indians in traditional wear were seated before the beautiful deities.
We could attend the Aarti on the insistence of one of us.
It was a very special experience for me.
As I completed the Pradakshina and faced the deities again, it felt like a piece of puzzle had fallen into place.
I could never have asked for more on this Diwali.
I could have easily spent this day sulking over the distance and all the fun I could have had at home.
But finally it dawned on me today that miles don't matter, but the people do...
It felt like looking into the pensieve, just like Dumbledore did.
A long lost memory had decided to screen itself before my mind.
I think the moral of the story is very much implicit...
One of the games I used to play with kids in the building was, climbing the ladder on the terrace that led to the water tank.
It was more of an activity than a game.
The water tank was the highest point on top of our 4 storey building.
After playing for some time, we kids would sit on a level each of the ladder staring up at the sky or observing the terraces around us.
The ladder must have been about 15 to 20 feet tall, I fail to recollect its exact length because to me, climbing that ladder was way out of my league.
I was expressly forbidden to go beyond the first four rungs of the ladder.
"It is too dangerous.
You will fall."
Those words just echoed in my mind every time I went close to the ladder.
So I ended up being the one sitting at the lowest level.
When summer came, one of my playmates climbed way till the top and sat down on the water tank.
I was awestruck.
Two others used to climb it half way up and stand on a support like beam that used to connect the ladder to the wall of the water tank.
That was some feat too.
For days that ladder continued to entice me.
It was partially peer pressure, but I always wanted to climb all the way to the water tank.
One day, I mustered a lot of courage and reached that support beam.
I was half way up the ladder, I was thrilled!
To look at the tiny streets winding their way from between the many buildings.
To watch the activities in other terraces -someone putting out clothes on the line, someone playing hopscotch, red chilies being spread out on a carpet - it was a fantastic feeling.
That level became a bench mark.
Now when I looked up at the sky, nothing came in the way, all I could see was the wide blue sky, with its fluffy clouds floating along silently across the horizon.
It was bliss.
Like, all good things, this feeling wasn't going to last long.
I started longing to see what it would feel like from the very top.
However, when it reached my home that I have been climbing the forbidden ladder, I had to face some music.
The same words were freshly embossed into my mind.
I was told that I should not be seen in the vicinity of that ladder anymore.
I could use the first four rungs if I really wanted to sit on the ladder.
Well, it was no fun sitting on the lowest rungs, now that I knew how it felt like to sit half way up the ladder.
I still mused about the top of the water tank.
But whenever I looked up at it, a sense of foreboding gripped my heart.
It seemed totally unattainable.
Finally, I gave up, "It was too dangerous, I would fall."
Something yucky but funny happened just as I arrived at my desk.
Yesterday I had observed a piece of cardboard lying below the desk beside my dustbin.
It seemed odd and out of place and I thought it was something my neighbor had left.
Today when I came, I saw the same cardboard still lying there untouched.
I was a little annoyed to think that no one bothered to pick it up and throw it away.
Now, I had spread out my umbrella for drying beside my chair.
To conserve space I decided I should put the umbrella below the desk.
So I moved one dustbin aside and then when I touched my foot to the cardboard to move it as well….
SPLOCHHH….
something gooey had stuck to my foot.
For about 2 whole minutes I could not understand what had happened.
Then I realized it was some sort of a glue.
When I looked closely, there was something written on the cardboard, "TRUBBLE GLUE".
What an apt name!
Now, a thought came to my mind - Was this a trick?
But I disregarded that thought because this doesn't seem to be a place where people play pranks on each other.
The next 10mins I was busy wiping my foot on the carpet.
I was afraid if I wore my shoe I would be stuck with it (pun intended) for quite some time.
With the help of a tissue and some water I wiped of any residue.
I tried to suppress loud giggles, because this seemed something completely out of the blue to be happening to me.
Finally, when it seemed like most of the glue had come off I dared to wear my shoe.
As I finally settled down, I gave the cardboard another look.
Now the fine print jumped at me - the better rat trap.
Well, that explained the presence of that cardboard under my desk.
A lot of questions buzzed in my mind that very instant.
Why do they need a rat trap on the 6th floor, for instance.
But the most perplexing question was - Why was I barefoot when I touched that cardboard?
"Am I ever going to go anywhere beyond this routine life?"
I sulked looking out at the dark airport from the window.
"Someone could easily write an algorithm for my life and execute it as an automated system.
Better even outsource it somewhere to reduce efforts and cost.
Oh gosh, maybe that is what is happening.
I don't really think I am doing anything meaningful in my being, which means..." It was either the caffeine, thanks to the zillion cans of soda I had waiting for the flight, or it was just my nerves acting like they normally do.
I was somewhere in the European continent on my transfer flight towards my second home, back to the 'routine'.
Classes, assignments, work, and occasional seminars, nothing else was in sight.
"Yipee!
It's going to be fun.
Duh!" 
My neighbor probably felt the aura of sarcasm and irony emitting from me.
"Life is not just about routine you know." he suddenly said.
It was a guy about my age.
I gave him a nonplussed look, pretending to be unaware of the context of his comment.
Obviously, he couldn’t have read my mind.
"Oh, let me explain.
When a girl like you has an expression like that on her face, it usually means the life-is-just-routine-set-of-algorithms problem is troubling her."
"What?
Are you a computer engineer or something?"
I replied, hating the way he had recognized my subject of ponder.
I didn't want anyone probing into my personal sulking time.
" I understand your predicament.
But come on, I think every person is unique.", he went on.
"I don’t think so.
The only unique people are the ones on the Fortune 500 list.
They can afford their singularity", now it is difficult for me to resist an argument.
"Funny.
But not true.
I can prove it to you, right here." he smiled.
His smile seemed familiar.
"Ok smarty pants, I can handle an argument, especially when it has anything to do with my favorite subject - how my life is so peculiarly ordinary", I thought to myself, getting ready for a verbal combat.
"Hey, no need to warm up.
Look, lets scope out a population first, the passengers in this section of the plane.
Each one has their own unique story." he explained gesturing towards the dormant public around.
"No they don't.
Do you see that big group of young people?
Well, what do you think they are doing in this plane?
They are on their way to one of the universities in the US, for their Masters.
Count the number of such students and I will tell you there is a considerable percentage present right here.
And guess why I am heading to the same country?
- Same reason.”
I retaliated rather excitedly.
"Strike one."
I thought.
"Well, they maybe headed to the same country for the same reason, but each one has a different destiny.
The causes behind each one's presence in this plane are different."
he counter argued, but in an irritatingly mild manner.
"Oh really?
You mean finding a well paying job despite the ridiculous conditions that exist in today's markets?
Well, that's not exactly unique you know."
I said a little wary that the discussion could get dirty if this fellow turned out to be a hard core patriot.
"I will show you something.
Look at that guy there.
Everyone at home thinks he is headed for an MS because his parents told him to, so he could get a good job and settle down, probably emigrate.
But you know what?
He really wants to use that education to help in research in his home country.
Find funds to help sponsor research efforts in his field, in his home country.
That girl there.
Back home they think she will get an MS and find an NRI husband.
The best way to settle down quickly in these troubled times.
But the truth is, she wants to be a professor.
A Masters degree in her favorite field will give her the bolstering she needs to become one.
The guy with the funny hair next to her.
His parents want him to get an MBA in an American university so that he has prospects at a global level.
But in reality, he wants to join his father's business and use his education there…", the guy went on telling me a story behind every person I had pointed out saying they were heading to the same place for the same reason.
Each story was unique.
I was tongue tied for some time as I listened to him.
"You know, it is true that at a superficial level, everyone seems to be headed towards the same destination.
However, if you look a little carefully you will realize that each person has a different destiny.
The apparent and the real purposes of our actions are loosely defined.
It is our responsibility to find out which purpose we want to follow.
It may not be always noble, really depends on the person, but it is always closely tied to their passion.", he smiled the familiar smile and lay back on his seat closing his eyes, marking the end of our argument.
As if he knew he had won the argument.
"Maybe he was right.
Maybe each person is not extra ordinary, they really are extraordinary.",
I sighed and looked outside the window, the plane was hovering somewhere above the airport.
"Maybe, or maybe I was talking to myself again..."
It is night again and now I shall get my chance.
Escape.
Escape.
I must liberate my soul.
These concrete barriers will not hinder me for long.
I am nearing the answer.
I can move through this village of the dead today.
Tomorrow I shall move through the live.
The live, who will lead me to my salvation.
I am moving now like the wind.
Swaying as if I were a leaf that had fallen on a grave.
Drifting away aimlessly with the gusts, without a choice, without a goal.
But tomorrow will be different.
There will be direction tomorrow where there is dependence today.
I am nearing the answer.
The answer lies in my will.
I wonder when this wait will end.
How much longer should I wait?
There is nothing except the sweet smell of these roses that keeps up my sustenance.
What kind of existence am I living, without living at all?
This is an evil game you play with me.
They believe in your kindness and see what you do to me.
Such evil is not experienced amongst the mortals.
Unfair you are, and yet you expected me to be fair, to have abstained from the crime you made me commit.
Yes, now I have realized after decaying for these months and letting slimy creatures devour my exterior, you were the one who possessed me when I killed.
There is no good and evil I understand, there is only - will.
It was an exciting moment when I conceived her in the cluttered corners of the more creative part of my brain.
Since currently my mind is saturated with policies, strategies, models and best practices I was a little overwhelmed when I realized her unexpected presence.
A little warily I decided to keep that region of my mind where she is present untouched.
I have to write about her.
Her story.
The imaginative, innocent, cheerful soul.
The pretty little girl.
I named her today - Diya.
The light of my life.
She is in a nascent stage and I look forward to nurturing her.
I will meet her soon, during the winter holidays maybe :-)
I was not at all inclined on writing an emotional article depicting the sad after effects of leaving home and coming to the other side of the world.
However, an event today, something really amazing has prompted me to pen down the experience which I must say made me realize that Yes!
I am in a different world.
This isn't going to be emotional as I said earlier but well, it has kind of shaken me up from my reverie which was more of a state of denial.
This morning when I started my TO-DO list, I noted a task which said write a post "Home away from home".
It meant nothing then and I wasn't even sure what I was going to put down in that post.
Since most of my stay has been all about dealing with settling down issues, my mind was blank and only had this title drafted in there.
In fact, I smirked at myself thinking what a silly title it seemed.
Little did I know, I was soon going to understand that this was the most appropriate title for my post.
The auditorium was filled with international students.
As the statistics showed there were 70% or more asians.
The presentation went on and then on a particular slide, the presenter had jotted down a point which said "Home away from home".
I pinched myself not really believing this conincidence.
She didn't explain anything about that bullet and so I almost believed it was my imagination.
Of course it wasn't.
This settled the fact that I WILL write something titled as I had decided before.
But what about the content?
The evening provided me with just that.
My friend and I went to his place.
An Indian settled in the States isn't very rare these days.
But, an Indian with an American wife settled in the States about forty years ago, is definitely not common.
I really had nothing in mind about the conversations we would have at their place.
I didn't have to try too hard for it either.
"I hope it isn't mandatory to enter through the front door.", he said with a laugh.
The house was typically american, with a large garden and lawn and a garage.
We entered through the backdoor - american style - and came across an american kitchen, with multiple platforms and a large refrigerator overloaded with family photographs.
I tried catching glimpses of their family in the snaps, but could hardly tell who's who.
She greeted us with a warm smile.
A tall figure with moderately stylish white hair and a loving face.
She had prepared dinner - oh no - supper and we were going to have it in the open.
Wow.
There was a table set and as he and my friend started taking things out to place on the table, I handed over the box of homemade indian sweets I had brought with me to her.
I wasn't sure of her reaction but to my relief and wonder she thanked me and recognised them immediately.
I took an instant liking to her.
The food she had prepared was splendid and what made it more delicious were the talks we had while we ate.
They asked us about our course and our lives in India and in the States.
I was fascinated to see the awed expression on her face when I explained to her about the social networking website and how I came to know of my friends through the site.
When it came to laptops she was just as impressed to hear about the advancements of technology and how it was now possible for parents to see their kids though they are miles away.
I zealously explained to her about how net savvy we were and how it had made our lives easier and at the same time how dependent we were on the same.
Her interest was the fuel for my advocacy.
We went inside for dessert when the most amazing part of the evening was about to take place.
She asked me when was the first time I started interacting with computers.
I proudly told her that we had a subject - Computers - when I was in second grade.
I also told her how we learned so many programming languages in school and how because of my father I had a PC at the age of 9.
She listened patiently, smiling.
My friend too, told her about her own experiences with computers.
Then she looked at her husband and told him how things have changed and how there was a time when they had to enter data into the computers using punchcards!
I froze.
Punchcards?
Really?
Then the two of them started discussing about what is the root or the first generation of computers.
How laborious it was to merely put a simple input and how terrible if something went wrong because then you would have to do it all over again.
I felt invisible goosebumps popping up on my skin.
Here I was sitting with users of the first generation computer!
It wasn't just amazing, it was downright unthinkable for me.
And what was I doing bragging about my laptop and how the Internet made life easier?
There were more interesting topics that followed, constituting of changes in technology and how it has affected people and children.
I had such a wonderful time, something I had never predicted.
This experience of being with an American family was something I could have never dreamed of like.
The level of topics that were discussed were so intellectual that it brought me down to ground zero, woke me up and made me open my eyes to the purpose of my visit here.
"There would be no more invitations, you can come in whenever you like." he said as we started to leave.
The goodbye was reluctant from my side because it really felt like I had finally found a home away from home.
Finally the day arrived when I was to say good bye to my first workplace.
It was a subtle coincidence that my last day @work coincided with the American Independence day.
When I first entered my cube, I was greeted with the usual smiles as I wished them "hello".
For the last time I headed towards my chair in the corner, thankful that my colleague raka, who has a knack of robbing my chair, hadn't snatched it already.
I started my machine when raka presented to me the proposal of recording my entry into the cube on my last day.
It would mean a retake of my entry, I denied as I really didn't want to go to that trouble.
Megs, SG, Jigs, Sun and ND were all there, passing some or the other comment about my last day.
We laughed about something, a jibe on ND maybe, and for the first time that day I realized how much I would miss this place.
Despite all the ups and downs I had experienced I was definitely going to miss the "masti" while we all worked, doing something each of us thought was not up to our level of talent.
I logged into my official ID, and changed the status to "Last day@...".
I pinged a few colleagues on site wished them good bye and good luck.
At 10.30 it was time for a tea break.
I accompanied the small group who religiously took tea breaks at least thrice a day, recollecting those days when tea breaks were a taboo for me.
How could I even think of wasting time on a break when there was so much work to do!
I smiled to myself and ordered a cutting at the canteen, marking a reminder in my mind to pay off all the pending amount.
It felt pleasant as we discussed the forthcoming changes.
We talked about the place I was to go next.
The sudden climate change and the expected snow, and the possibility of me drinking rum to keep warm.
My lead was in a sombre mood apparently and didn't talk much.
With officially no work to do, I made a daring attempt at playing some flash games on my machine :P now this had some significance to an event that occurred not too long ago, but hey it was my last day!
That done I started with the formalities of filling up forms etc. Lunch was on me and VP who too was leaving that day.
We spent a generous 2 and half hours under the pretext of lunch.
With rush and TP joining us, we had a wonderful time.
The good old days of our team seemed to be back.
Endless jibes and PJs had us laughing till our sides hurt.
Back at my desk I completed the formalities.
Before I realized it was time for the farewell ceremony.
I didn't get a chance to say much at the farewell.. thanks to the rain.
By the time it was my exit interview, it was pretty late.
I said a final good bye to all my colleagues with a heavy heart, it was not at all evident on my face I am sure :P On my way back home on the train, I heaved a sigh of relief, at least no more traveling on a crowded local!
My final words lingered still in my mind, mocking me in a way, I know I didn't give my 100%...
Well so I am back after a long time, there was something that kept me busy, shall write about it later.
Right now, what I really want to narrate is a funny incident that occurred today.
It happened just a few hours back it's really making me laugh still.
Here goes...
So, it's not really unusual for a development craving developer to be sulking while on her way to work on a MONDAY!
Well, after dragging myself through the crowded BEST, trying hard not to push the aunty who was comfortably leaning her handbag and a good proportion of her body on me, I continued across the slippery bridge, and down the murky stairs to the muddy platform where 2 local trains awaited me.
I got onto one of them still moaning over my state, cursing the crowd and the bags and the hair clips and the newspapers and the occasional pointed heels that would nastily stamp my quivering feet.
When I stationed myself behind a lanky lady, I noticed a saree clad woman with her back towards me.
The saree was clearly cheap and I was irritated at these women traveling by the first class.
I thought of speaking out to that woman when she turned around and revealed a man-like face complete with a partial mustache.
I was still for a moment and then realized it was eunuch, a not very uncommon sight in the locals these days, but what the hell was he/she/it doing on the train at such an unearthly hour.
For a second, I was glad I didn't try to rebuke it as planned.
The train set off and it was an uncomfortable journey because the eunuch continuously fidgeted with it's saree.
It would have seemed stupid but it was annoying, I had to keep on shifting uneasily to avoid its touch.
I tightened my grip on my bag, because these people are often thieves.
The next station came and I was hoping it would get down.
When the station arrived, people jumped in but it didn't get down.
There was a chaos thanks to the confusion of these women who were not sure how to react to it's presence in an overcrowded train.
Well, everyone ignored and continued to squeeze in not paying much attention to it.
All serious faces running late for work.
It was when the station after that arrived, that the eunuch faced trouble.
A really huge woman (huge women generally don't give a damn whom they are suffocating to death on a train) got in.
There was a terrible mob and amidst the women screaming at each other to make space in the already jam-packed coach, everyone heard a loud shriek -
"hai hai mujhe aise mat dabao!!!!"
Oh my god, the eunuch was yelling on top of its voice, in that typical nasal tone.
There was silence for a fraction of a second, before everyone in that crowded coach burst out laughing.
The whole situation seemed so funny.
I felt pity for that eunuch who surely regretted getting onto the first class ladies coach on prime time!
How true this wise adage is! Silence is Golden, and considering that nothing else is compared to diamonds or platinum or hot shares or anything else more valuable, people love to adopt this.
Oh yes, they worship silence.
These masses.
This general public.
The common man.
I really wonder why anyone pities the common man or his woes, for I have realized that what he has beget is really what he deserves.
Monday, late evening, 9:10pm.
The worst time one would want to be in a bus queue.
But there I was without an option, shifting my weight from one foot to the other, ignoring the clucking of those equally annoyed at having to wait for a bus for so long.
I notice out of the corner of an eye, another queue taking form beside the one I am standing in.
No one says a word.
There are 4-5 people in the new queue, everyone ignores them.
A minute passes the 4-5 people transform into 10-12 people.
I lose my temper, point it out to those standing before me.
"Why are those people standing in a separate line?",
I exclaim.
"It seems they don't know where the line is.", a boy standing ahead of me answers me.
As if I didn't know that.
"Why doesn't anyone ask them to go behind?
They 'll disrupt the line", I retort, the volume and pitch of my voice slowly hinting my temperament.
A lady standing behind me, makes a move, she motions to ask those people to move back.
Another girl says a few lines.
Still, there is no reaction from the crowd ahead.
"When the bus comes these people standing ahead will cause commotion.
There 'll be a chaos for no reason.
Ask them to go back.",
I yelled at no one in particular, wondering if people were really that deaf.
A man comes and joins the newly formed queue.
"Eh, hello!
Go back!
This is not the right queue!
All these people are not standing in the queue!",
I almost scream at him.
The man pays no heed.
"Hello! Can't anyone hear?
Have these people ahead lost their tongues?
Why can't they tell them to go back?",
I continue ranting.
I had lost the last of my tolerance.
No one uttered a word.
The lady who seemed to be supporting me is quiet.
Suddenly, I feel like a clown, yelling for no reason in particular.
The bus arrives.
As expected there is a scuffle.
The people up ahead push and shove like animals to get inside the bus.
I get a thrust from a man's shoulder on my head.
Finally, I settle into a seat by the window, fuming at the mass.
Yes, they would keep quiet.
Even if a someone hits an old man in the bus, they would keep quiet.
Even if the wrong person takes the chair, they would keep quiet.
Even if they see an open murder, they would keep quiet.
I used to think the movies exaggerate things at times.
But now, I am having second thoughts.
Yes, Silence is the God for these masses.
They worship it, practice it, and use it when they are not in trouble themselves.
