1.
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.
2. None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
3. Do not worry if you have built your castles in the air.
They are where they should be.
Now put the foundations under them.
4. What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
5. We judge of man’s wisdom by his hope.
6.
We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate.
The world is all gates, all opportunities.
7. What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say
8. People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.
9. The sun shines and warms and lights us and we have no curiosity to know why this is so; but we ask the reason of all evil, of pain, and hunger, and mosquitoes and silly people.
10.
We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate.
The world is all gates, all opportunities.
Quotes by Ralph Waldo Emerson
Feeling inspired,
Michelle
In order to make choices that may change your destiny, you must first know yourself and what you are creating moment by moment.
What you do in the present moment brings you closer to being in command of your destiny.
When you focus on past experience and the knowledge you’ve gained from school, work, society, economic, and spiritual training, you can begin to know yourself.
Human nature is created so that you can choose your destiny, and then control it.
The key is to be one of the few who know where you are going and exactly how to get there.
To do this, you must realize that life is changeable.
With each change along the way you develop experience.
You enrich your learning.
Since your life is always in a constant state of creating and developing, you create your own story by choosing the direction you want it to take.
With any one decision, you can change your destiny.
You have the power to do this: it is called making choices.
Without it you’d just be following the masses and letting others control your destination.
The repetition of certain thoughts also plays a huge part in determining your destiny.
This is why it’s most important to be aware of what and how you think.
Some thoughts that may bear repeating include:
To always show positive feelings toward others.
Negative thoughts and feeling are limiting.
To know you’re smart even if it takes you a little longer to understand a point.
To know that failures can lead to success.
To welcome problems – they are learning tools.
To know that there is untapped skill and creativity in everything you attempt.
To remember that God put you on earth to win.
To know that prosperity comes to those who believe it will happen.
That giving quality service to your customers may result in a quantity of customers.
To know that valuing your own self and making a commitment to excellence is worth striving for.
To treat others with respect and kindness is a measure of your spirituality.
And as you keep these thoughts uppermost in your mind, you have the power to be guided by them.
Yet, just knowing without thinking how you respond to life is the art of self-awareness and living in the present moment.
Being aware of each moment is a part of your true being
Other ways to measure the power of your thoughts is to limit any thoughts that are non-productive.
Some of these non-productive thoughts may include:
Feeling guilty when you say, “No.”
Refusing to cater to the demands of others is not a selfish act.
Saying, ‘yes, when you mean ‘no’ may cause resentment.’
Feeling ‘stupid’ when you don’t understand something – Rather then make a mistake when instructions are not clear, don’t be afraid to ask for clarification.
This is a sign of good judgment.
Thinking that everything you do is solely your own doing.
Be confident and have enough faith to know that your life is guided by a higher power.
This confirms your spirituality.
Ignoring opportunities to change – Growth comes with change.
Life is a constant state of change.
Be ready for any worthwhile challenge or opportunity to grow.
Worrying – Some of the best opportunities are missed when you worry and procrastinate until the opportunity has come and gone.
Learn to be decisive.
What’s the worst possible scenario?
How hurt would you feel if you missed a great opportunity?
Whatever you do, and wherever you are in life, pay attention to your thoughts.
Any sign of negativity, anger, fear, or procrastination is harmful.
Get rid of biased opinions.
Be open to other ways of thinking.
Make the best of your thoughts and your thoughts will make the best you.
Then, let your new founded self-awareness lead you to a life where you are free to choose and to control your own dreams and goals.
That’s your destiny.
Looking ahead,
Michelle
If what you think is what you create for yourself, then only think about the positives.
If everyone would take responsibility for their own lives then the world would be a much better place.
The problem is most of us are from dysfunctional families.
We each have our own issues and challenges unique from everyone else.
Our thoughts stems from our upbringing and life experiences and goes out from there.
Life is truly about what you came here to learn.
Instead of blaming others for your problems, analyze your own challenges…figure out from there what you need to learn, already learned, forgive, forget, and then move on.
Holding on to pain and loss only creates more pain and loss within yourself.
Many people are stuck in blaming others for their own misfortunes.
For example, maybe your thoughts are, “If only my mother was different, I would be better…If my childhood was different, I would be better..if I went to college, I would have a better job if my father didn’t leave I would be a better man…this list can go on forever.
You know the routine.
The ONLY person you need to know more than anyone in your life is yourself.
Your life stems from you and your thoughts.
What you think and believe is what you create for yourself.
Most of us easily blame others for our own sadness, lack of relationships, lack of employment.
So many of us don’t take responsibility for their lives…instead they blame everyone else for their problems.
Ever notice how different each child is within their own family even if they were all raised by the same parents?
That is because each of us has our own destiny and lessons to learn for their own soul growth.
This also applies to relationships.
Ever notice how different you are with every person you relate with?
Each person you meet brings out different parts of yourself.
It’s about personal growth.
It’s the meaning of life.
No one here is more special than anyone else yet people are groupies, and idolize others instead of  loving themselves.
Empowered to change,
I attended an autism fundraiser last weekend and watching all the children and adults with autism brought back the reality of how many families are faced with the challenge of raising a child with this disability.
An eye-opener and a reality check.
Being around all these children also brought back a lot of memories about when my daughter was diagnosed, many memories I would rather forget.
P1020169 150x150 Autism Hint for a lifetime of rewards
Brittany
A very big part of autism is extreme difficulty (to put it mildly) with transitions and change overall.
The difficulty lies in the fact that transitions and change are a huge part life, period.
Since I was still determined to life a full with her included I had to come up with some strategies outside of all the recommendations of the professionals.
Since my daughter was diagnosed as soon as she turned 3 and she was still small and therefore, still very manageable physically, I would immerse her into what she hated and avoided most.
At this point in time, what she hated most was just about anything and everything.
I figured that at this age and size, I can physically carry her into a place or situation that she would, as an toddler with autism, avoid with every cell in her body and on the flip side, I could carry her out of situations that she didn’t want to leave.
What do I have to lose by trying?
Many times getting aggravated, impatient, discouraged and full of despair.
What do I have to gain?
A life that is active and full as it’s always been and includes our special daughter.
The process was that when we would go places that we would normally go as a family, we would always bring her with us even though it would be a heck of a lot easier to leave her at home with a sitter.
She resisted everything doing most everything.
We used behavior modification methods (step by step and with rewards-gummy bears).
We brought her into and out of places and situations like I would do with a typical child, on the terms of all of us as a family and/or whatever was socially acceptable for the situation, not what autism would allow.
We were determined not to let AUTISM dictate what kind of life she or we would have, however hard it it tried.
We used the “one day at a time” mindset to make taking her everywhere with us more doable and less overwhelming.
Eventually, after several years, her normal meant change and she adjusted to the real world full of change, stimuli and the unfamiliar.
We’ve had many, many setbacks and challenges along the way, but overall, our Immersion Method (I just made that name up:) was very effective.
Does this mean she’s cured?
No, not by any stretch of the imagination, but she has developed great coping skills, something all of us can use more of.
She is now teenager that in spite of having Classic Autism and being nonverbal (in other words, the odds are stacked against her BIG TIME), she is very happy and very functional.
What is functional mean?
She is a fully participating member of our active family and in the community.
An example?
She has traveled extensively with us (keep in mind that travel is nothing but transitions and change of routine, a person with autism’s worse nightmare come true).
As a matter of fact, in about 6 weeks, she is boarding a plane with us for a vacation to other side of the world (literally) and I know she will do just fine.
A miracle? No, she still has Classic Autism and ALL that implies, yet she can join us on our family trip which includes being on an airplane for 2 days followed by weeks of out of the routine adventures on the other side of the world and she will be fine and have a great time.
Now that I think of it, in a way, that is a miracle.
YOU DO WHAT YOU KNOW.
On Easter Sunday night, my brother and I took our sons to the movies to see Soul Surfer.
A movie about the young surfer girl who lost her arm in shark attack while surfing.
Soul Surfer is a very moving movie that gets into her life, her struggles and accomplishments.
During the movie, my nephew asked, “Uncle Mike, can we leave?”
“Why, I asked?”
My nephew explained,”this movie scares me too much.
I went on to ask him to try to watch the movie for 10 more minutes and if he still wanted to leave, I would take him out in the lobby.
He got into the movie and never asked again to leave…all three boys made it through the entire emotionally trying movie.
When the movie was over, it was my brother who said, “This movie was SO hard to watch, I can’t stop crying!”
Go see Soul Surfer for some Beachfront Wisdom.
Yesterday,  Easter Sunday, it was a beautiful out on our beach.
There were a lot young children outside playing on the sand with their families.
I was sitting on my deck overlooking the beach, reading Tina Fey’s new book, Bossypants (good, funny book by the way…).
Suddenly, my wife noticed a large group of giant-size stingrays swimming along the shoreline.
There had to be at least two hundred of them taking turns gracefully breaking the water with their fins.
There were a lot of people following them, running parallel to them, it was an amazing sight that caught every one’s attention.
When the stingrays where gone, I can hear from my deck a young boy, maybe 6 years-old say to his mom,”I can’t wait to tell Mrs Valentine about the stingrays!”
Joy radiated from his words and enthusiasm as he’s excitedly anticipating sharing his stingray sighting with his teacher when he returns to Chicago.
His excitement was infectious and you couldn’t help but to smile.
What a great way to look at life,  as if “I Can’t Wait!”
In the moment,
HAPPY EASTER
We haven’t been posting regularly.
I’ve had some health issues and Michael and I have been as busy as ever with kids, travel, soccer games, behavior plans and career demands.
We are at the beach today after staying away during our latest remodeling project-Britt’s bedroom and bathroom.
Our Interior Designer oversaw the project and other than some accessories, the space has been totally transformed and it looks great.
I posted some photos on our twitter.
easter bunny Our View
Myth: Depression is an adult problem.
Fact: Children can get depressed, too.
Depression can happen across the lifespan,
Some 8 percent of kids ages 12 to 17 suffer a depressive episode, according to the Federal Interagency Forum on Child and Family Statistics.
But depression can look different in children and teens than it does in adults.
“Teens and children are more likely to show people rather than tell them they’re depressed,” Duckworth says.
“Most adults can identify that they feel down, sad, and not every kid is able to articulate that.”
A depressed kid may frequent the school nurse, complaining of bellyaches and headaches, he says, while depressed teens may be irritable and angry.
Myth: Depression isn’t a medical problem; you could get over it if you wanted to.
Fact: Depression is a medical problem that can require help to overcome.
“This is a treatable condition and not a right-wrong fault issue.
But that is a common misconception,” Duckworth says.
“Being sad, grieving a loss — these are not clinical syndromes, but when you have a collection of symptoms that continue for weeks and are associated with sleep problems, negative thoughts, thoughts of suicide — that’s different from being down in the dumps.”
The key distinction is how long and how severly you feel this way and whether your ability to function at home and work are affected.
Myth: Depression is a normal part of being a teenager.
Fact: Adolescent moodiness is not the same thing as teen depression.
Be on the lookout for how long a teen’s symptoms last and how severe they are.
Irritability, anger, falling grades, trouble at school, time alone and drug and alcohol use can be signs of more than just the blues.
“Many teens have conflict with their parents and struggle with their identity, but normal adolescents don’t talk about killing themselves or losing interest in their friends,” Duckworth says.
Myth: Depression is all in your genes.
Fact: Depression runs in families, but genes are not determining factors.
Family history does influence the likelihood of developing depression.
Children whose parents experienced depression are three times as likely to suffer depression, anxiety and addiction as those whose parents have never been depressed, according to a 2006 study in the American Journal of Psychiatry.
And research on identical twins (who share the same DNA) raised in separate families has shown that if one develops depression, the other is likely to, which points to a significant hereditary role, Sommers says.
“I wouldn’t be fatalistic, but if you have an increased risk, be mindful of that,” Duckworth says.
If depression runs in your family, find out what treatment benefited your loved ones.
It may help you, too, he says.
I came across this article regarding clothing and the American woman.
I may not be a size 14, but I do get it…take a look:
In the 80s and 90s, there was a shop at Lexington Avenue and 66th Street called The Forgotten Woman.
It was part of a national chain of about 30 stores dedicated to the larger-sized woman, with an impressive collection of evening wear.
When the store went out of business in 1999, the New York Times obituary noted that, “while the retailer was highly successful in New York City, it was ill equipped to handle the added business after expansions into markets like Houston, Chicago and Beverly Hills.”
The chain was ahead of its time.
Today, when the average American woman is size 14 and the average bra size has expanded to 38 DD, it’s harder than ever to find a national bricks-and-mortar retailer offering stylish, affordable evening wear for larger women.
True, you can find designer larger sizes online from Bloomingdale’s, Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom’s and Lord & Taylor.
And thanks to QVC and HSN, you can find dresses up to 3X on TV.
But sometimes you want the immediate gratification of walking into a store, having a sales associate help you, and going home with a bag in hand that day.
While there are specialty retailers that serve up affordable casual clothes for size 14s and above — Chico’s, J. Jill, Coldwater Creek — when it comes to evening wear, the average American woman is the Forgotten Woman.
