Every time I write about my past, about my family, regardless of what I edit out or what I include, I seem to hurt somebody.
Which is not hard to understand – families are complex and have many layers.
But when you want to tell your own story, because you are part of a family – just one small part of a larger whole, it’s really hard, really fucking hard to know what part of the story belongs to you and what part of the story is someone else’s.
Someone else’s story to tell.
But very few stories just have one character in it.
Other than Tom Hanks Castaway, on  which he was stuck on a deserted island.
Even then, he had a basketball he could talk to.
We don’t live on remote islands, we are all very much influencers of each other’s experiences and also influenced by the actions of others.
Think of your life.
Think of events that matter to you.
That changed you.
Were you the only person involved.
Even if your story is that you struggle with an eating disorder, like  bulimia, and  the primary activity taking place is between you and a toilet – something got you to that point.
Something in your life.
Something bigger than just you and the toilet in that bathroom.
I am struggling here.
I want to tell you more – I have not written about my family since the post I put up last week, My Family – Part 1, mainly because I realize that for my family, I have violated some of the boundaries for what they want the world to know.
So how can I be authentic as a writer, if I can’t set up the backstory?
If I can’t peel back some of the onion, how does what I write make sense?
I feel it’s like telling a story with one character, and I don’t know about you, but I found parts of “Castaway” to be really kind of boring.
Plus for me, it’s just not real.
If you are a blogger – how do you make that distinction?
If you are a reader, what aspects of reading blogs where the writer opens up about their lives captures you?
I wrote this post in participation with Jana’s Thinking Place, Stream of Consciousness Sundays.
It’s five minutes of your time and a brain dump.
If you want to participate, the rules are here.
I’m a Jersey girl, born and bred.
Yet I remain far removed from the tragedy that has swept my home state and the boroughs and outlying areas of New York City.
Physically, anyway.
We live outside of D.C. now, in a suburb in Virginia.
We were apparently in the storm’s path as well, but it swept by with minimal damage in comparison to what we have endured through other storms that have hit our area.
From the updates I receive, friends and family are safe.
Power outages abound.
Trees have fallen but our homes and property have been able to survive it.
The Jersey Shore as I knew as a child is gone.
Most of my friends who have seen it believe it can never be restored.
This is a picture from Staten Island, NY.
Staten Island is one of the most devastated of the outer boroughs of NYC.
Every person living here has been impacted or has had loved ones impacted.
It’s also been a place with a high death count.
The borough has been devastated beyond recognition.
Amongst the casualties was the heartbreaking death of two little boys, ages 2 and 4, who were swept from their mother’s grasp.
The casualties in Staten Island account for half of the number of casualties throughout the New York metropolis.
And while help is coming, Staten Island residents wonder why it’s not coming faster.
Amidst all this devastation, Staten Island will also be the starting point for the ING New York Marathon, still scheduled to start on Sunday morning.
Mayor Bloomberg’s decision seems to be heavily influenced by the fact that the race generates hundreds of millions of dollars for the city.
I get that.
I actually even get how powerful of a message a race like this could be towards New York’s recovery and healing.
In 2001, just a few weeks after the 9/11 terrorist attacks, I participated in the Marine Corps Marathon and we ran past the Western side of the Pentagon, where the devastating wreckage was visible for all the runners to see.
But we were further down the path to recovery.
The full death count had been tallied.
Families were grieving but some level of normalcy had been established, there was no lack of electricity, running water and critical resources, like food and gas.
Public transportation had been fully re-established.
I imagine that the 2001 New York City Marathon must have also been incredibly healing for the city, restoring pride for citizens.
Creating hope.
A beautiful symbol of the resiliency of a city that would not allow a treacherous terrorist attack to maim it any further.
As we sit here in 2012, we are facing different circumstances.
A week ago, a natural disaster which was beyond anybody’s control left with it a wave of destruction that very few have recovered from.
Not far from the starting line for the Marathon is the wreckage that we once knew as Staten Island.
It is no longer recognizable.
They have no light.
No homes.
No water.
Nothing.
Some have lost family.
Bloomberg says that none of the resources being used for the Marathon (EMTs, Police Officers) are being diverted from the efforts to assist those still recovering from Sandy.
However, if the resources are available, why are not they being sent to provide further aid to the boroughs of Queens and Staten Island?
The Verrazano and Queensboro bridges will be closed that day, leaving Staten Island further isolated from New York City.
So where am I going with this?
Why in the hell are we holding a Marathon right now when we should be helping people get back on their feet?
Restore critical resources.
Stop the risk of additional looting, a threat to the safety and security of the citizens in all five boroughs.
I am not vilifying anybody, especially not the runners, many of whom I know have worked hard to qualify for this race and have travelled great distances to participate.
I just am very confused.
And really shocked that Mayor Bloomberg, a man I hold great respect for, is allowing this to happen.
I will continue to pray for those who still need help.
And I hope you will too.
Kiran
“Don’t Stop Believing” by Journey is one of the most recognized songs in America that appeals to so many generations.
I remember watching it on the MTV Friday Night Countdown, not realizing I would be singing the same song for years to come.
“Just a small town girl, living in a lonely world.
She took the midnight train going anywhere.”
Growing up in a small town called Old Bridge, New Jersey, my world was a lonely one.
As one of the few Indian families there, we didn’t have the same relationships with neighbors and friends that others did.
There was the barrier created by foreignness – accents and cultural differences that seemed perhaps too uncomfortable for everyone cross.
I was highly sensitive to the differences between me and my classmates.
I thought to myself, when I grow up, I am going to be like other mothers and wear jeans, not the saris and bindis my mother so boldly wore, often oblivious to the stares and the slurs which I wished had bother me a little less.
I was the youngest of 5 children.
I have two older brothers and two older sisters – but I am younger by ten years from my next sibling in age.
I was a latchkey kid.
I could not play sports because my parents both worked and could not take me.
This made me sad, but I made up with it by compensating with vast amounts of MTV.
A stable home life was touch and go.
I often sat alone in my room, pretending to read, trying to block out the sounds of the almost constant fighting between my father and mother.
Loud laughter would scare me and I would find myself running down the stairs to see what else I could fix.
I was a small town girl, alright and boy was I lonely.
But I believed in myself and that I would survive.
And I did, though I am a little worse for the wear and tear.
I have learned that you have to believe in SOMETHING.
The other day I read a great post by blogger and author, Tim Venable about why he shut down his Facebook account.
If you haven’t read it, I highly suggest it.
Tim’s realization of the version or representation that we create of ourselves on Facebook brought with it an understanding that, well…
It’s not real.
Not all the time anyway.
And the need for validation and the brief stamp of approval we may receive through Facebook is fleeting and impermanent.
I think he says it best when he writes, “…the messages we receive, the comments on our comments on our comments, the pictures we see, are all part of the air we breathe, and it doesn’t sustain us.”
He says a lot of other deep and profound things on his post, so hop over there and read it, because I can’t do it justice.
Am I quitting Facebook anytime soon?
I don’t think so.
But I do recognize that I am extremely “needy” when it comes to Facebook.
I find myself relying on it to ease boredom, as a quick news source (Hurricane Sandy) but more so to hear that other people agree with me and that I am not alone in my thoughts.
And that they like me.
That they really, really like me.
These are some embarrassing admissions about my relationship with Facebook.
1) I really like when people like my posts.
I am so insecure about it that sometimes, when nobody likes my post after some time, I will delete it, because seeing it up there, all alone, makes me feel like it’s sitting in the high school cafeteria at a table all by itself.
2) I notice when I have not heard from certain friends in a LONG time, but I still see them commenting or liking other people’s posts.
I know that this surely indicates some level of OCD on my part, but it also leaves me with a strong suspicion that they have hidden me from their news feed.
Yeah, that’s right.
I am ON to you.
3) I sometimes accept friend requests from people who I am not crazy about.
Like this girl in high school who used to be really mean to me.
I don’t know if it’s because I believe that you should keep your friends close, and your enemies closer (which is why I follow Ann Coulter’s twitter feed), or just the fact that I still have a hard time saying “no” to people.
So you see, I recognize that my relationship with Facebook may be less than “healthy” at this point.
Plus the shield of our computer screens give us so much more license to say something to someone that we wouldn’t normally say to their face.
I have gotten into passive/aggressive arguments on Facebook because it’s just so darn easy to tell someone why you think they are wrong in a little comment section before pressing the “Enter” button.
Without ever having to look them in the eye.
Knowing that Facebook can be a minefield though – and an incredibly vulnerable one at that (you are typing into a world that can be seen by many FOREVER.
Screenshots are not that hard to take and send to others even if you hit “delete”), here are some of the top suggestions I have to navigate gracefully through Facebook.
Rule #1 - Don’t use Facebook to tell us the weather.
Things like, “The hurricane is coming.
Preparing as fast as we can!” is one thing.
But telling me it’s sunny outside is just silly.
I have a window.
If you are far away, your friends can find out by checking weather.com.
If they care.
Rule #2 – Don’t use Facebook to bitch about life.
ALL THE TIME.
It’s one thing to let your friends and family know you are stuck in traffic.
Again.
But if it happens everyday, just find a decent song on the radio and chill the fuck out.
We don’t need you to text us another picture of the Interstate.
Rule #3 - Don’t use passive/aggressive/inflammatory remarks in your status field.
When you say something like, “I HATE when someone says they’re your friend and then goes and stabs you in the back.
You know who you are!” Well, that’s just asinine.
And don’t get me wrong, I did something like this to a friend two years ago in my blog and it was just mean.
And I regret it.
Deeply.
And I probably looked like a real asshole, because I was.
So just don’t do it, because it kind of makes you look like a real jerk.
And anyone close to you knows exactly who the friend is so just pick up the freaking phone and call them or shut the hell up and don’t say anything.
Rule #4 - Don’t Facebook after having had too much to drink/popping an Ambien/or the combination of both.
Nothing good will come of this.
Nothing.
It may not even come out in English, so God knows what the fuck you’re gonna say.
Rule #5 - Don’t tag your friends on Facebook in pictures where they look like ass.
I know that your complexion is glowing and you look really skinny in it and all that, but for the love of God, people!
Be nice.
Don’t tag them.
And if the picture is REALLY bad, don’t put it on Facebook – I don’t care how hot you look in it.
Photoshop them out or find a picture where you might look a little less hot, but everybody is decent.
Rule #6 - Don’t say anything on Facebook that will make people think you are bat-shit crazy.
As Tim explains in his blog, one of the breaking points for him with Facebook came when a stalker-ish Facebook friend told him she “…hoped he got cancer.”
Like me, I am sure you are gasping.
“WHAT!!!???” Who would say such a thing?
In which case, I might respond that this was an obvious case of someone breaking Rule #4 (Alcohol/Ambien/Both) above or the person is bat-shit crazy.
And trust me, Facebook is full of people who are bat-shit crazy.
Rule #7 – Don’t be everybody’s savior.
It’s good if you have a cause.
A passion.
I have been there.
But just because somebody writes an anti-Romney or anti-Obama post, you don’t have to respond back EVERY time.
It is also not your responsibility to interject in cases when it becomes clear that a person whom you are “friends” with is an asshole (racist, sexist, ridiculously ignorant).
Just be calm, cool and press “Unfriend.”
Rule #8 - Don’t get into family feuds on Facebook.
Oh man, these are just bad.
And friends, I have erred.
Oh boy.
One of my worst Facebook performances to date.
A couple of months ago, one of my uncles said something mean about another one of my uncles and I of course, I HAD to jump in, fully violating Rule # 7. The whole thing totally blew out of proportion.
Finally, the uncle who had started the insults tried to inbox me.
Don’t let Facebook create any awkward moments over samosas.
Not worth it.
First message comes bad mouthing my other uncle again.
My response: “I can’t hear you.”
Send.
Second message appears.
Same thing.
My response.
“I’m not listening.
I can’t hear you!” Send.
Then I unfriended him.
Now, I know that my responses here were less than mature.
I am going to see this uncle again.
And again.
I may live in Virginia and he may live in New Jersey, but we shall meet, perhaps across a buffet table at an Indian party and have to have an awkward conversation over the samosas.
Which is why it is critical that you always abide by Rule #7.
And never, ever, EVER break Rule #4 and Rule #7 at the same time.
The combination of the two can lead to irreparable Facebook damage.
Rule #9 – Don’t get all political up in my Facebook grill, yo.I probably know which candidate you support.
And it’s nice that you are passionate about the electoral process and America being one nation, yada, yada.
But when you have to shit talk about the candidate you don’t support EVERY freaking day, it makes me not like you.
Even if we support the same candidate.
And, even though we might still be “friends” on Facebook, you will always annoy me just a little bit and I will always think you are a closed-minded donkey.
Or elephant.
You know who they are.
They know who they are.
Delete.
Delete.
Delete.
Rule #10 – If you suspect someone else of being bat-shit crazy (see Rule #6), unfriend.
Now, given everything I have admitted over the course of this post, I am expecting a few “unfriends” myself.
But like, here is an example.
A guy Facebook friended me.
No biggie.
He was married, cute wife, cute kids.
Pretty safe, right?
But EVERY time I would get on Facebook, he would chat me within the first two minutes.
Like he was waiting.
Ewww.
And so I “unfriended” him and within three minutes received an inbox asking me why I “unfriended” him.
Which is weird, right?
So get the crazies off.
You don’t want them seeing pictures of your kids and know that your are stuck in traffic again on the Interstate.
Rule #11 - Don’t post the a new version of the SAME picture of yourself regularly of you staring sultrily into the camera.
I don’t get it.
If you are female, is it to show us a new lipstick shade you are trying out?
A new t-shirt?
I don’t know how it’s any different than the picture you posted yesterday of you staring sultrily into the camera.
Because they all look exactly the same.
Yes, your cleavage looks really good in the picture.
Check.
Your hair looks nice.
Check.
Girlfriend, you’re hot.
We got it.
Move on.
If you are a guy.
Stop posting gratuitous shots of you topless, looking for creative ways to show us you work out.
Same thing.
We know you are not the dorky guy you were in high school and you have great abs now.
Now, go show someone who cares.
*************************************************************
So friends, for now, this is where I will leave you today.
I know that this list can go on and on and on and on.
But I know blog posts can only be so long and I probably lost you (if I ever had you) somewhere around Rule #3.
If you have any suggestions for additional things that drive you INSANE on Facebook, please leave them in the comments below!
So I ventured into some heavy stuff yesterday.
I think I am going to give everyone a brief respite from the heavy stuff and take you somewhere else today.
Someplace a little bit lighter.
You know how some days, you just look in the mirror and you feel a little – oh gosh – what’s the word?
Dowdy?
Lackluster?
Just not quite as hot as your bad ass self wants to be?
And some times it’s not just days.
It could be a phase.
Like – “Oh, I hated that period where I had that really bad layered cut!” or “I was in Graduate school.
I didn’t have time to look cute!”
Even “Why in God’s name did you let me get bangs?
Don’t EVER do that again, Girlfriend!” looking back at pictures we managed to hide somewhere but never quite forget.
Courtesy of Shutterstock
Let’s just say that a few years ago, I was having one of those phases.
It was an extended phase that lasted a while.
Now, the reasonable thing to do when you are going through one of these phases is something like the following:
1) Hit the gym.
Get those endorphins flowing through your veins while working your way to a more fit body and hopefully an ass that doesn’t sag south of your knees.
2) Do some yoga.
Maybe some meditation.
Reconnect with yourself.
Be all “Om Shanti”, like, you know what I’m saying.
3) Self-reflect.
Ask yourself what is bothering you when you look in the mirror.
Does it really even matter anyway?
Is it even real – or is it in your head?
Is it something that a bag of Baked Cheetos can get you through?
Those seem like logical options.
Healthy options.
Options I would give to a friend who might be going through a similar phase and is hitting the bottle a little too hard or wallowing in self-pity a little too much.
But because I am often NOT logical, and because I am often NOT one to really think things through over a long course of time (I mean, people, I bought a house.
And had to return it), I decided to bypass all those options.
Against advisement from my ever wise husband, John, I decided to take a little visit to a plastic surgeon.
I was looking a little tired, I thought.
A little worn.
I am certain if some of these lines on my face could be smoothed out, I would regain all of my mojo and be confident once again.
That‘s what the pamphlet said anyway.
So I go and I schedule an appointment with a well respected (i.e.
expensive and no lawsuits pending) doctor in the D.C. area.
I sat in the waiting room where I could smell the overwhelming scent of insecurity mixed with a touch of quiet desperation.
Before I knew it, I was taken back to the Doctor’s examination room.
He was a nice guy.
Pretty good looking too (sorry John, I just think he was sorta cute!).
He also had this reaallly sloooow Southern draawwwwl thi-ing that he playyys out, reeeally strawng, if you know what I mean.
I don’t know why, he just made me mushy.
Ok, enough about my inappropriate crushes.
“So what brings you in today, da-arling?” he asked, smoothly pulling up his nifty stool to sit across from me.
I pointed to my forehead.
And to the lines around my mouth.
“Do you see these?”
I indicated, scrunching my forehead up and doing a big fake smile to accentuate the lines.
“Do you think that there is a way to help me get rid of them?”
He got up from his stool, took a step back and looked my face over.
Took a few minutes.
Looked me over from this angle.
That angle.
It was oddly quiet and awkward while I waited for the verdict.
Taking a step back towards me, he pointed to my brow and said, “Well, first thing I’d do is clear these lines up with some Botox, maybe bring your brows up a bit.
You see how they’re kind of drooping a little?” he asked the nurse who nodded her assent.
He surveyed the lines around my mouth.
“But I wouldn’t touch these.
It’ll make you look kind of snouty, you know I mean?”
Once again, the nurse nodded.
Apparently, snouty is NOT good.
I don’t even know if it’s a word.
So I nodded along, not really liking my face being compared to a pig’s snout, but at least he wasn’t trying to sell me services I didn’t need.
“But you know what I would DEFINITELY do?”
He looked at the nurse and she nodded.
Obviously the additional shortcomings of my face were evident to everybody in the room except for me.
“You see under your eyes?
How they’re all hollowed out?”
No, I didn’t notice.
But ok.
I nodded sagely.
“Well, I would inject some Juvederm right here and here and that will really brighten your face.”
Hmm. That’s all it would take, huh?
Good deal.
So of course I said, “Ok”.
And he said, “Great!”
He and the nurses left to get the needles and the pretty juices (i.e.
Botulism) to make me look a little more like myself again.
After all -  I wanted to be revived.
And brightened.
And Botoxed and Juverdermed to a brand spanking new me.
So they came back to the room with their fancy needles and settled me in.
I wasn’t too worried.
After all, I’ve watched “The Real Housewives” and they got this shit done while eating hors d’oeuvres and getting into cat fights.
Let’s do this, I thought.
He did the Botox first.
It hurt like a mother-effer.
Then he moved on to the Juvederm to get rid of those “deep hollows” under my eyes.
Before he went in with the injection, he casually mentioned, “Oh and by the way, you might have some slight bruising with these injections.
But nothing that won’t clear up in a day or two.”
And a few minutes later, I was done, injected to perfection.
I was sent on my way, back home.
I figured I would wait a few hours and wait for the perfection to kick in.
Hmmm.
That’s funny.
I didn’t feel that different.
Where’s the perfection?
Other than the fact that my forehead now felt like a rubber band was pulling it back towards my scalp, I really couldn’t notice much.
And then came the next day.
I looked in the mirror and screamed.
Like bloody murder.
Both of my eyes were completely bruised.
I looked like I had been punched in the face by Teresa from “The Real Housewives of New Jersey” repeatedly.
But that was not even the worst part.
One of my eyes started drooping.
Like my lid couldn’t stay up because the Botox had freaking moved into it.
I called my Doctor’s office in a panic.
They put one of the nurses on the phone.
“Oh, don’t worry sweetie.
Bruising is completely normal.
In fact, it could take up for two weeks for that to go away?”
Um, what the hell did you just say?
I thought.
I asked her to repeat herself and stood there in shock as she said the same thing, looking in the mirror all the while at the growing black and blue and purple marks on my face.
They seemed to be growing darker and bigger with every second.
As for my droopy eye, she kindly explained that in a teeny, weeny, tiny, winy portion of the patients, this could, in fact, happen.
Oh, mother-effer.
I think I hid in the house for about a week afterwards.
It looked like I was a victim of domestic violence and I didn’t want anybody giving John dirty looks.
About a week later I decided I would have to venture back out of the house.
And of course, I did what any reasonable mother would do.
I blamed it on my kids.
By this point only one of my eyes was terribly bruised.
The other had kind of gotten back to normal, especially with the help of some heavy duty concealer.
The droopiness didn’t go away for about a month.
My solution was to wear sunglasses as much as I could.
And I told everybody that Shaila had accidentally elbowed me in the eye in her sleep.
Girlfriend didn’t know her own strength.
I don’t know if anybody believed me.
I honestly think everybody just thought John was beating me heavily.
When all the healing was done, did I feel better about myself?
Not really.
Did I feel like it was money well spent?
Um, again.
Not really.
Looking back now, I know my issues were less with what was going on in the mirror and more about what I needed to be working on inside.
How obvious of course and a total cliche, but it’s the truth.
I don’t have anything against people getting injections to make themselves feel better.
I just want you to know about my experience.
I didn’t find what I was looking for when my experience was done and on top of that I looked like someone had tossed me into a football game without a helmet.
Next time, I am going to try the yoga.
The meditation.
The working out.
But it’s going to be a helluva long time before you see me getting anywhere near one of those needles again.
Consider this a REALLY embarrassing PSA for what COULD go wrong.
And do you really want to tell anyone that your kids beat you?
I think NOT.
I have always wondered while blogging what my boundaries are.
Sometimes I reveal a lot, but I mostly feel like it’s stuff about me and I don’t implicate my family and friends too much.
I have friends who treat their blogs as a true confessional, where nothing is held back – names are used, family problems are mentioned, addictions are discussed – as if there is a big sign that says “Yes, we are open to the public.”
Sometimes I have applauded those friends.
Other times I haven’t.
I understand that writing blogs can be extremely therapeutic so I am glad that writing helps with their personal healing.
I just sometimes wished that the personal healing didn’t have to have a ripple effect on the lives of so many others personally involved.
I have a hard time sometimes determining what I can and can’t write about.
I have never really ventured too far into my childhood, because heck – it was a long time ago and who really freaking cares anyway?
But my childhood brought with it an intricate web of problems that still haunt and dictate the actions of my family, as if we are stuck in a spider web that we can’t get out of, entangling ourselves further the more we run away from it.
What I am going to tell you may have a ripple effect.
This may be one of the times where I start to cross the line.
I hope I don’t hurt anyone along the way.
It’s not my intention because I love every person who is a part of the story I am about to tell you.
But I have to be honest here and stop sugar coating my life, much of it which wasn’t sweet and peaceful.
For you to understand, I need to take you back a little.
To another continent and to events that occurred five decades ago.
My father, Kameshwar, was married in the 60′s to a young woman named Kamala from a village close to his home town in Northern India.
They were married and did what people usually do after they get married in India, which is have lots of children.
Together, my father and his first wife had four children, who are my brothers and sisters.
My oldest sister is Kanchan.
My oldest brother is Himanshu.
My next sibling is my sister, Munni and the last sibling from the four is my brother Sudhanshu.
Two of each, a nice even number all around.
During the late 60′s and early 70′s the United States lifted some of its immigration restrictions and welcomed Engineers and Doctors from India and other Asian countries, because of shortages of certain skills within its own workforce.
My father, my uncle and several other friends of theirs decided to come over and start a new life for their families in the United States.
It was a brave thing to do – they didn’t have much money or know anybody here.
I can’t begin to imagine how intimidating the journey must have been.
While they were getting settled in the United States, most of the men left their families in India with plans to bring them to the States as soon as possible.
My father was no exception.
He said his goodbyes to his wife and his four young children and made the journey across the Atlantic from New Delhi to John F. Kennedy Airport.
But while my father was establishing his dreams in the United States and hoping for a better life for his family, something terrible happened.
Something nobody anticipated.
His wife and the mother of my brothers and sisters, Kamala, died.
Her illness came fast and she was gone before my father could return to India to see her one last time.
When he returned to India, it was to be received by his grieving and now motherless children.
There are times now where I feel like if a different course had been chosen, maybe things could have been different – better.
It would mean that I wouldn’t be around, here to write this story for you right now.
There have been days throughout my life where I have thought to myself – “I would have been okay with that.”
During this time, my father’s family got to work quickly, almost as quickly as the embers had died in the funeral pyre.
My father was arranged to marry a young woman named Moti in a village about fifty kilometers away.
Kamesh and Moti would later go on to have one more child.
Yep, you guessed it.
Me.
Arrangements were made between my grandfathers – my Dada (my Papa’s father) and my Nana (Ma’s father).
Things must have happened in such a whirlwind – I still can’t imagine the chaos or the thoughts swirling in everybody’s heads – not my father’s, or his children’s or my mother’s.
I certainly have no clue what in God’s name what was going through my own grandfathers’ minds as they coordinated the upcoming wedding.
My mother was 19 years old.
My father was 34.
My oldest sister, Kanchan, was only 12 years old.
My Nana (Ma’s father) did not tell my mother that she would now be a mother to four children, one of whom was only 7 years younger than her.
Children who had not healed, and to this day, may never have healed from the traumatic passing of their mother.
My parents and my brothers and sister got on a plane and flew to JFK.
This time the circumstances of my fathers’ arrival at JFK were quite different.
I wasn’t there for this time.
At this point, some of what I know and remember is through recollections from everybody, including extended family.
One story in particular that always still gets me is this one.
All of my brothers and sisters remembered the circumstances of their mom’s death and her funeral, except for my youngest brother, Sudhanshu, who didn’t.
He embraced my mother without missing a beat, quickly replacing his mother with this new model.
He must have known on some level, but he was little.
My mother still recollects one day when he asked her, “Ma, how did you get so white?”
His own mother’s complexion had been darker than his stepmother’s.
Sometimes I hear stories from the past like that and a part of me wants to laugh.
But that part is overridden by the many other parts that just want to cry.
Not just cry, but sob for all of the wheels that had been set in motion.
My mother was young.
She didn’t know how to be a mother.
My brothers and sisters were in pain.
They didn’t know how to embrace a new mother so quickly.
They were in a new country.
They were dirt poor.
They didn’t speak the language.
Nobody would think that it could get worse for them than this, but it did.
My mother was navigating motherhood like I would imagine a traumatized nineteen year old girl who had been moved to another country would.
Not well.
Not well at all.
My oldest brother and sister had the hardest time with the reality of my mother at this time.
I don’t blame them.
I imagine that they missed their own mother very, very much.
So, let’s fast-forward a few years.
A new baby was born into my family – me – and they took me to my nice new home in New Jersey.
I don’t remember anything – I was just a baby.
But when I look at pictures, I can see and feel that I was loved.
A picture during one of the only times my siblings and I were together in our childhood.
I am the baby with the greasy hair.
But I was loved “too much.”
Here I came along, my mother’s only “natural” child.
While my family could not afford to bestow many things upon me, I heard how much I was loved.
When I was born, my oldest sister, Kanchan skipped school a lot to take care of me.
I am not certain why CPS did not come to check in and wonder where this 15 year old had gone – why she just disappeared from going to school.
I was treated differently, held up on a pedestal like a golden child who could do no wrong.
I was what my mother had wanted for so long – a child of her own.
My brothers and sisters also loved me and spoiled me rotten, but I can only imagine the pain and isolation my brothers and sisters felt watching my mother love “her child.”
My arrival was a double-edged sword in many ways.
Around that time, my oldest brother, Himanshu started acting out at school.
Nothing crazy.
He started smoking.
My father caught him kissing a girl.
I think he got into a few fights at school and may have even faced suspension at one point.
When I was one year old, my parents arranged my eldest sister’s marriage (Kanchan’s) to a man in India, a young man who graduated at the top of his class from the same Engineering College my father graduated from.
Not much was known about him other than he came from a good family.
Before you ask, this was not the norm, especially for Indian girls being raised in America.
My sister was 16 years old.
16 years old.
My mother and father packed up for our trip to India, taking Kanchan, Himanshu and me with them.
My other brother and sister, Munni and Sudhanshu stayed with our close Uncle and Auntie, because my parents could not afford tickets for everybody.
During that trip, my sister was married.
And something happened that was not expected by my brother, Himanshu, or my siblings at home, Munni and Sudhanshu.
At the end of the trip, my parents told Himanshu that he would not be getting back on the plane with us to come home.
That he would be staying in India and going to school by himself there, living in a boarding school.
He had not known then that it would be the last time he would see me for 5 years; Munni for 6 years; Sudhanshu would be another 13 years.
Munni and Sudhanshu didn’t have any clue that he wouldn’t be on the returning flight.
In speaking to my parents now, there are a lot of reasons why they felt that this was the best course of action at the time.
That Himanshu was headed down the wrong path, that he was headed for trouble in the United States.
I know they had their reasons.
But I don’t think about the reasons.
I think about what the expression of my fourteen year old brother’s face must have been like when he realized he would be alone.
And I cry.
A lot.
I think that my sister being married to a man in India and my brother being left behind in India is one of the most defining periods in my family’s history.
Our family had been split.
There were no longer five of us together, but two on a far off continent, far from their three other siblings.
There is so much more to this story.
Because this is not the end – it’s really just the beginning of what continued to happen for the next four decades, leading up to where we are now in 2012.
My other sister, Kusum, was married when she was 17 years old – again to a man she had never met in India.
My brother, Sudhanshu, became a high school running hero and went on to go to Bucknell University.
He also had an arranged marriage many years later, but unlike my sisters, he was the one who decided his route and chose his spouse.
My whole life has been about comparisons.
For my brothers and sisters, it’s the way I have been treated and held up to different standards than them – how I have gotten opportunities that they never had.
Of the five of us, I was probably the only one who had anything resembling a normal childhood – though I don’t think that the story I told you right now would ever allow for my life to be normal.
I have always been conscious of the love that my mother has for me – how it is different than the love she has displayed or chosen not to display towards my brothers and sisters.
I could feel the cloying sense of guilt early in my life hating the privilege of being loved unconditionally, something my siblings never seemed to have.
When my daughter, Shaila was born, someone congratulated my mother.
“You must be so proud!
Your first grandchild!”
My heart ached when my mother didn’t automatically correct that person, when I already have 9 other nieces and nephews.
But I always knew that my kids would be looked at differently – treated differently.
I am still reminded of that daily, whether it is in my communications with my mother or through conversations with my siblings.
The guilt I often feel is a hard pill to swallow.
Recently, I was lucky enough to have a great conversation with my brother, Himanshu one night.
I told him how I had never dealt with the feelings that I have, this constant guilt that I am loved more or differently than them.
That I have felt cut off from my brothers and sisters at times, because I have felt the resentment, though I know it was only natural given the situation.
I just always felt like everything was my fault.
I was always trying to find ways to make my mother love my brothers and sisters more.
Trying to find ways to shield them from her anger.
Trying to find ways to shield her from their sadness, which was often so abundant that it easily transitioned into anger.
I just never was successful at dealing with any of it it.
Years of pent up pain.
My brother looked me in the eyes said one of the most generous and loving things that anybody has ever said to me:
“Kiran, it’s not your fault.
It was NEVER your fault.”
I could feel the floodgates open as I heard his words, words coming from one of the most important people in my life – a brother I wish I had been able to spend more of my childhood with.
The tears healed me since that day.
But I still haven’t fully grasped it.
That it was not my fault.
I still cry.
I am not healed yet.
Every family has its scars.
This is one of mine.
This is only part of my story.
If you want to hear the rest, without judgment of my family, without pulling at the parts of the scar that have slowly, but still not fully healed, I hope you continue to read Masala Chica.
