Every time I write about my past, about my family, regardless of what I edit out or what I include, I seem to hurt somebody.
Which is not hard to understand – families are complex and have many layers.
But when you want to tell your own story, because you are part of a family – just one small part of a larger whole, it’s really hard, really fucking hard to know what part of the story belongs to you and what part of the story is someone else’s.
Someone else’s story to tell.
But very few stories just have one character in it.
Other than Tom Hanks Castaway, on  which he was stuck on a deserted island.
Even then, he had a basketball he could talk to.
We don’t live on remote islands, we are all very much influencers of each other’s experiences and also influenced by the actions of others.
Think of your life.
Think of events that matter to you.
That changed you.
Were you the only person involved.
Even if your story is that you struggle with an eating disorder, like  bulimia, and  the primary activity taking place is between you and a toilet – something got you to that point.
Something in your life.
Something bigger than just you and the toilet in that bathroom.
I am struggling here.
I want to tell you more – I have not written about my family since the post I put up last week, My Family – Part 1, mainly because I realize that for my family, I have violated some of the boundaries for what they want the world to know.
So how can I be authentic as a writer, if I can’t set up the backstory?
If I can’t peel back some of the onion, how does what I write make sense?
I feel it’s like telling a story with one character, and I don’t know about you, but I found parts of “Castaway” to be really kind of boring.
Plus for me, it’s just not real.
If you are a blogger – how do you make that distinction?
If you are a reader, what aspects of reading blogs where the writer opens up about their lives captures you?
I wrote this post in participation with Jana’s Thinking Place, Stream of Consciousness Sundays.
It’s five minutes of your time and a brain dump.
If you want to participate, the rules are here.
I’m a Jersey girl, born and bred.
Yet I remain far removed from the tragedy that has swept my home state and the boroughs and outlying areas of New York City.
Physically, anyway.
We live outside of D.C. now, in a suburb in Virginia.
We were apparently in the storm’s path as well, but it swept by with minimal damage in comparison to what we have endured through other storms that have hit our area.
From the updates I receive, friends and family are safe.
Power outages abound.
Trees have fallen but our homes and property have been able to survive it.
The Jersey Shore as I knew as a child is gone.
Most of my friends who have seen it believe it can never be restored.
This is a picture from Staten Island, NY.
Staten Island is one of the most devastated of the outer boroughs of NYC.
Every person living here has been impacted or has had loved ones impacted.
It’s also been a place with a high death count.
The borough has been devastated beyond recognition.
Amongst the casualties was the heartbreaking death of two little boys, ages 2 and 4, who were swept from their mother’s grasp.
The casualties in Staten Island account for half of the number of casualties throughout the New York metropolis.
And while help is coming, Staten Island residents wonder why it’s not coming faster.
Amidst all this devastation, Staten Island will also be the starting point for the ING New York Marathon, still scheduled to start on Sunday morning.
Mayor Bloomberg’s decision seems to be heavily influenced by the fact that the race generates hundreds of millions of dollars for the city.
I get that.
I actually even get how powerful of a message a race like this could be towards New York’s recovery and healing.
In 2001, just a few weeks after the 9/11 terrorist attacks, I participated in the Marine Corps Marathon and we ran past the Western side of the Pentagon, where the devastating wreckage was visible for all the runners to see.
But we were further down the path to recovery.
The full death count had been tallied.
Families were grieving but some level of normalcy had been established, there was no lack of electricity, running water and critical resources, like food and gas.
Public transportation had been fully re-established.
I imagine that the 2001 New York City Marathon must have also been incredibly healing for the city, restoring pride for citizens.
Creating hope.
A beautiful symbol of the resiliency of a city that would not allow a treacherous terrorist attack to maim it any further.
As we sit here in 2012, we are facing different circumstances.
A week ago, a natural disaster which was beyond anybody’s control left with it a wave of destruction that very few have recovered from.
Not far from the starting line for the Marathon is the wreckage that we once knew as Staten Island.
It is no longer recognizable.
They have no light.
No homes.
No water.
Nothing.
Some have lost family.
Bloomberg says that none of the resources being used for the Marathon (EMTs, Police Officers) are being diverted from the efforts to assist those still recovering from Sandy.
However, if the resources are available, why are not they being sent to provide further aid to the boroughs of Queens and Staten Island?
The Verrazano and Queensboro bridges will be closed that day, leaving Staten Island further isolated from New York City.
So where am I going with this?
Why in the hell are we holding a Marathon right now when we should be helping people get back on their feet?
Restore critical resources.
Stop the risk of additional looting, a threat to the safety and security of the citizens in all five boroughs.
I am not vilifying anybody, especially not the runners, many of whom I know have worked hard to qualify for this race and have travelled great distances to participate.
I just am very confused.
And really shocked that Mayor Bloomberg, a man I hold great respect for, is allowing this to happen.
I will continue to pray for those who still need help.
And I hope you will too.
Kiran
“Don’t Stop Believing” by Journey is one of the most recognized songs in America that appeals to so many generations.
I remember watching it on the MTV Friday Night Countdown, not realizing I would be singing the same song for years to come.
“Just a small town girl, living in a lonely world.
She took the midnight train going anywhere.”
Growing up in a small town called Old Bridge, New Jersey, my world was a lonely one.
As one of the few Indian families there, we didn’t have the same relationships with neighbors and friends that others did.
There was the barrier created by foreignness – accents and cultural differences that seemed perhaps too uncomfortable for everyone cross.
I was highly sensitive to the differences between me and my classmates.
I thought to myself, when I grow up, I am going to be like other mothers and wear jeans, not the saris and bindis my mother so boldly wore, often oblivious to the stares and the slurs which I wished had bother me a little less.
I was the youngest of 5 children.
I have two older brothers and two older sisters – but I am younger by ten years from my next sibling in age.
I was a latchkey kid.
I could not play sports because my parents both worked and could not take me.
This made me sad, but I made up with it by compensating with vast amounts of MTV.
A stable home life was touch and go.
I often sat alone in my room, pretending to read, trying to block out the sounds of the almost constant fighting between my father and mother.
Loud laughter would scare me and I would find myself running down the stairs to see what else I could fix.
I was a small town girl, alright and boy was I lonely.
But I believed in myself and that I would survive.
And I did, though I am a little worse for the wear and tear.
I have learned that you have to believe in SOMETHING.
The other day I read a great post by blogger and author, Tim Venable about why he shut down his Facebook account.
If you haven’t read it, I highly suggest it.
Tim’s realization of the version or representation that we create of ourselves on Facebook brought with it an understanding that, well…
It’s not real.
Not all the time anyway.
And the need for validation and the brief stamp of approval we may receive through Facebook is fleeting and impermanent.
I think he says it best when he writes, “…the messages we receive, the comments on our comments on our comments, the pictures we see, are all part of the air we breathe, and it doesn’t sustain us.”
He says a lot of other deep and profound things on his post, so hop over there and read it, because I can’t do it justice.
Am I quitting Facebook anytime soon?
I don’t think so.
But I do recognize that I am extremely “needy” when it comes to Facebook.
I find myself relying on it to ease boredom, as a quick news source (Hurricane Sandy) but more so to hear that other people agree with me and that I am not alone in my thoughts.
And that they like me.
That they really, really like me.
These are some embarrassing admissions about my relationship with Facebook.
1) I really like when people like my posts.
I am so insecure about it that sometimes, when nobody likes my post after some time, I will delete it, because seeing it up there, all alone, makes me feel like it’s sitting in the high school cafeteria at a table all by itself.
2) I notice when I have not heard from certain friends in a LONG time, but I still see them commenting or liking other people’s posts.
I know that this surely indicates some level of OCD on my part, but it also leaves me with a strong suspicion that they have hidden me from their news feed.
Yeah, that’s right.
I am ON to you.
3) I sometimes accept friend requests from people who I am not crazy about.
Like this girl in high school who used to be really mean to me.
I don’t know if it’s because I believe that you should keep your friends close, and your enemies closer (which is why I follow Ann Coulter’s twitter feed), or just the fact that I still have a hard time saying “no” to people.
So you see, I recognize that my relationship with Facebook may be less than “healthy” at this point.
Plus the shield of our computer screens give us so much more license to say something to someone that we wouldn’t normally say to their face.
I have gotten into passive/aggressive arguments on Facebook because it’s just so darn easy to tell someone why you think they are wrong in a little comment section before pressing the “Enter” button.
Without ever having to look them in the eye.
Knowing that Facebook can be a minefield though – and an incredibly vulnerable one at that (you are typing into a world that can be seen by many FOREVER.
Screenshots are not that hard to take and send to others even if you hit “delete”), here are some of the top suggestions I have to navigate gracefully through Facebook.
Rule #1 - Don’t use Facebook to tell us the weather.
Things like, “The hurricane is coming.
Preparing as fast as we can!” is one thing.
But telling me it’s sunny outside is just silly.
I have a window.
If you are far away, your friends can find out by checking weather.com.
If they care.
Rule #2 – Don’t use Facebook to bitch about life.
ALL THE TIME.
It’s one thing to let your friends and family know you are stuck in traffic.
Again.
But if it happens everyday, just find a decent song on the radio and chill the fuck out.
We don’t need you to text us another picture of the Interstate.
Rule #3 - Don’t use passive/aggressive/inflammatory remarks in your status field.
When you say something like, “I HATE when someone says they’re your friend and then goes and stabs you in the back.
You know who you are!” Well, that’s just asinine.
And don’t get me wrong, I did something like this to a friend two years ago in my blog and it was just mean.
And I regret it.
Deeply.
And I probably looked like a real asshole, because I was.
So just don’t do it, because it kind of makes you look like a real jerk.
And anyone close to you knows exactly who the friend is so just pick up the freaking phone and call them or shut the hell up and don’t say anything.
Rule #4 - Don’t Facebook after having had too much to drink/popping an Ambien/or the combination of both.
Nothing good will come of this.
Nothing.
It may not even come out in English, so God knows what the fuck you’re gonna say.
Rule #5 - Don’t tag your friends on Facebook in pictures where they look like ass.
I know that your complexion is glowing and you look really skinny in it and all that, but for the love of God, people!
Be nice.
Don’t tag them.
And if the picture is REALLY bad, don’t put it on Facebook – I don’t care how hot you look in it.
Photoshop them out or find a picture where you might look a little less hot, but everybody is decent.
Rule #6 - Don’t say anything on Facebook that will make people think you are bat-shit crazy.
As Tim explains in his blog, one of the breaking points for him with Facebook came when a stalker-ish Facebook friend told him she “…hoped he got cancer.”
Like me, I am sure you are gasping.
“WHAT!!!???” Who would say such a thing?
In which case, I might respond that this was an obvious case of someone breaking Rule #4 (Alcohol/Ambien/Both) above or the person is bat-shit crazy.
And trust me, Facebook is full of people who are bat-shit crazy.
Rule #7 – Don’t be everybody’s savior.
It’s good if you have a cause.
A passion.
I have been there.
But just because somebody writes an anti-Romney or anti-Obama post, you don’t have to respond back EVERY time.
It is also not your responsibility to interject in cases when it becomes clear that a person whom you are “friends” with is an asshole (racist, sexist, ridiculously ignorant).
Just be calm, cool and press “Unfriend.”
Rule #8 - Don’t get into family feuds on Facebook.
Oh man, these are just bad.
And friends, I have erred.
Oh boy.
One of my worst Facebook performances to date.
A couple of months ago, one of my uncles said something mean about another one of my uncles and I of course, I HAD to jump in, fully violating Rule # 7. The whole thing totally blew out of proportion.
Finally, the uncle who had started the insults tried to inbox me.
Don’t let Facebook create any awkward moments over samosas.
Not worth it.
First message comes bad mouthing my other uncle again.
My response: “I can’t hear you.”
Send.
Second message appears.
Same thing.
My response.
“I’m not listening.
I can’t hear you!” Send.
Then I unfriended him.
Now, I know that my responses here were less than mature.
I am going to see this uncle again.
And again.
I may live in Virginia and he may live in New Jersey, but we shall meet, perhaps across a buffet table at an Indian party and have to have an awkward conversation over the samosas.
Which is why it is critical that you always abide by Rule #7.
And never, ever, EVER break Rule #4 and Rule #7 at the same time.
The combination of the two can lead to irreparable Facebook damage.
Rule #9 – Don’t get all political up in my Facebook grill, yo.I probably know which candidate you support.
