“The art of life is to show your hand.
There is no diplomacy like candor.
You may lose by it now and then, but it will be a loss well gained if you do.
Nothing is so boring as having to keep up a deception.”
- Anonymous
Where do I start with this guy?
I wouldn't normally say anything at all, and leave the delusional with the comfort of their, well, delusions, but he left me some real shitty feedback.
I will admit the first part wasn't his fault, apart from living in the sticks.
That was his fault.
So I get to Finsbury Park Tube station, the machine will only give out tickets to Peterborough because this is Finsbury Park and no-one cares.
I should have cancelled at that point and gone home, but no.
I wait in the queue for the ticket office for twenty minutes while the guy there lets two customers fill in a form so he can take a break.
Get to Baker Street and there is no tube for 45 minutes.
I walk to Marylebone wondering why I ever bothered returning from the States and meet the only guy in the UK still working for a living - who puts me on the right train.
I get there, he isn't here to meet me and I have to ask around for the pub.
That's where it should have turned into a nice evening with an entertaining transport story to break the ice.
Well, apart from the fact he had a Panama hat and a grey and white stripy blazer and looked like he thought he was in a Graham Greene novel, he seemed OK.
Cleaning his teeth might have been a nice touch, before we met, but he must have been too busy choosing hats.
He starts wanting to kiss me in the pub.
"Oh well" I think, "it's not like I ever have to show up here again."
He'd told me before I set off that he wanted an evening of dining and conversation, perhaps ten minutes fun and frolicks at the end of it, so I had given him something of a discount on his three hours.
He sounded like a bit of a character, might be a cool evening.
I've had plenty of those, with Unlikelier looking guys than this.
But now he is moaning about me being late and what are we going to do for time and I can stay over, at his place all night, if I like.
Kindly meant, that offer, I thought.
Maybe.
But I don't sleep well elsewhere.
I decline.
I can tell he isn't offering any extra.
I said I would be going home later, as arranged.
I'd get a cab if I had to, out of my money seeing as it was me who'd been late, but I was going home.
He carries on about that all night.
This is some dude used to getting his way.
Expecting his way.
He wants his way and I, as a young woman, am supposed to let him have it.
Except I'm not that young or that stupid.
He thinks I'm half his age.
I'm not.
We got to the restaurant, which was a Chinese.
Now you can always tell a classy Chinese as it will not have Sweet and Sour anything on the menu as that's something they invented for foreigners.
This had Sweet and Sour everything, and his food turned up with a stupid sculpture of a seahorse or something, and my supposedly vegetable food was dripping with pork fat.
It was vile.
Now enough minor things had gone wrong that I was beginning to go off this evening entirely.
Had to keep my spirits up for the customer though.
He might have been a nice guy underneath.
Just a question of finding that level in him.
I'm sure every escort knows the feeling.
You are with a naff boorish sort (I mean the dude even told me I was learning the "wrong sort of poker" because I'm learning Texas Hold 'Em and not Five Card Stud), the evening is getting incrementally worse with every passing second, you are trying to find any tiny thing in your companion to like, and being as polite as you can because you don't want to hurt anyone's feelings.
Then he asks for a doggie bag.
'Cos, you know, being a tightwad is such an attractive trait.
In the word's of Julia Roberts "I'm a sure thing", almost, being paid and whatever - but that never stops a guy trying to impress his escort, and I have never, in my life, been on a first date, paid or unpaid, where my companion has asked for a doggie bag.
Besides which he hasn't got a dog.
He has a canary.
I can see the waitress, glancing at me.
I wasn't sure if it was pity or amusement but I catch her eye and she looks away, embarrassed.
I try not to laugh.
She's working in a restaurant, probably a family business, "minimum wage" is but a dream to her because that legislation doesn't cover family businesses (you thought slavery was abolished?
Think again) and I'd have spent the evening back there pot washing for free in a heartbeat, if I could.
But I can't.
I have a job to do.
This evening is getting worse, I can feel it.
I don't know how much worse it is going to get precisely, but, unless he breaks the rules, at the end of it I have to leave him smiling with no clue about my real feelings.
It's called 'customer service'.
Most of the time I have a genuine affection for my clients.
This time I faked it.
We go back to his place.
It is a pub, and this is where it gets interesting, this is where I can actually do something for him.
Years ago I once walked into a failing nightclub.
It was about to go out of business.
I demanded a job - on no wages unless I could turn it around and I turned it into a thriving enterprise inside six weeks.
I fixed everything that was wrong with it.
Never done that before or since, but I did it and I did it very well.
My customer was tasked with something similar, for breweries.
He turned around failing pubs.
And this was his first failure at that.
For once in his life he couldn't get the customers through the door.
"Oh look!" he says, hopefully, on viewing his security cameras from the flat behind the pub "a customer!"
The barmaid is sat there snogging a guy.
Well, I'm thinking, they are certainly pulling out all the stops..
"Oh no" he says, disappointed, "it's just her boyfriend."
He goes and tells her she can have the evening off.
After that he takes me into the place.
From the outside is is an old, old building painted white.
The sort that should have had a thatched roof, and it has big thick walls.
A charming looking traditional country pub.
Then I get inside it.
It's ORANGE.
Man it was so orange.
You can't get any oranger than this place.
There's a big floor to ceiling fireplace that should have had a roaring fire and inglenook seating, but there's a pool table where a stage should be for events, the carpet from hell (and 1973), the wooden bar is orange and from floor to ceiling it's all fucking orange walls.
"Dude.."
"Yeah?"
"It's orange".
"So?"
"Well that's why you aren't getting any customers".
Two years he'd been there, pumped a lot of his own money into the place to turn it around, he said, failed and was now leaving in three weeks, and I'd have sorted that place out with a new carpet, a coat of paint and a relaunch.
Maybe get a music license too.
He looked at me like the thought had never occurred to him.
He wanted to know what was wrong with orange, but I was only booked for three hours.
It seared itself into my brain.
Oh the humanity!
The orange!! EEUURRGGHHH.
You can't do that to people.
You can just about do it in a city bar, with subdued light and that stripy wood they use these days - somewhere uberdesigned and cool.
Bits of orange here or there.
But not in a country pub.
Not with three foot thick walls.
The next day I saw my gentleman friend, Rodger.
I'd dreamed about the place all night.
I've heard of people having a phobia about the colour red, but not of orange.
I'd acquired a real aversion to it now though.
I told him about it all and hid my head in my hands.
He was amused, and a bit concerned.
I went on at some length.
"It's really bothering you this, isn't it?"
"It was orange man!
Orange.
It was orange, the bar was orange and the carpet was from hell.
It was such a lovely place and it was fucking orange.
How could he not notice the place was orange???"
Every time I closed my eyes I saw that carpet and all that orange.
"Never mind" says Rodger, quite amused, "Perhaps in time the memory will fade.
To a sort of burnt umber."
I do love Rodger.
So anyway we retired to the flat behind the pub and I had a drink.
I needed it.
This three hours of chatting and having a relaxing evening with ten minutes fun and frolicks then turned into a whine-fest when he noticed I wasn't wearing stockings, which he noticed straight away as he jumped on me pretty quick.
Still begging and pleading with me to stay the night.
Then he wants to do me up the ass as well.
Oh god.
Is there no end to this man's talents???
I assured him, yet again, that I would be outta there after his three hours were up and I was.
Paid 70 quid in cab fare to do it and it was a bargain.
You do meet them from time to time.
The hopeless cases.
Still, he enjoyed himself, that was the main thing.
It is my job to never ever ever let a poor sod like this know what he is.
I have to make him think he is a constant delight, Love's Young Dream.
Most of my gentlemen friends pay for my time and companionship, a few of them pay to have their delusions shored up.
As he hadn't actually been dangerous I left him nice feedback too.
Called him a "Character".
Rodger correctly assessed that situation as well.
"I read the last feedback" he wrote "and assumed "a real character" was code for "a real tosser".
"
Yup. Got it in one Rodger.
Mr Orange's field report about me said..
"[Icicle] exceeded my expectations (based on no experience) in the most unexpected ways.
She was (in no particular order) considerate; charming; both thoughtful and giggly at the same time; friendly; passionate (both physically and verbally); intelligent; empathetic; knowlegeable; discreet; and totally, totally, charming - such that I am under her spell.
From the first meeting, via the dinner, to the lounge and the bedroom, this was pretty much better than any real girlfriend experience I have ever had.
I didn't want her to leave and she left me with the impression that she didn't want to go.
What more can you ask for?"
"..Lastly, if you are open-minded and receptive, you may learn a lot from this wonderful woman.
I certainly did, and I consider myself pretty knowledgeable and erudite."
OK dude, learn this.
No sane person ever describes themselves as "knowledgeable and erudite".
And "7 out of 10" for venue.
I ask you.
It was a friggin' outcall, dumbass.
But he was obviously lovestruck so I had no idea how to break it to him that I never wanted to see hide nor hair of him again.
But I didn't want to hurt his feelings, and he hadn't actually broken any rules - although he then started phoning and texting at all hours.
He had a sixth sense for when I was with someone.
Not a client has gone by from that day to this who wasn't interrupted by one of his phonecalls.
Many a cam session punctuated by bleeping texts.
Plainly he has boundary issues along with all his other woes.
I tried to put him off, and there is no way I was making that trip again without slashing my wrists, so I reluctantly agreed to an appointment at my place yesterday.
To quote Julia Roberts again - big mistake.
Huge.
Yet I can't see how I could have done anything else without destroying his illusion of a perfect evening.
He had paid for the memory of a perfect evening, which he now had, and I couldn't very well destroy it without a damn good reason.
He wanted to meet for lunch first so I thought I'd show him what decent food was like and choose a local pub.
One with a charming, architecturally appropriate interior and nice dinners.
Thought he might learn something.
He whined about the time.
Wanted to meet me at noon, that is - the crack of dawn - in case they'd quit cooking by two.
Like a pub in Crouch End could possibly stay in business if they quit cooking at any time of day.
This being Restaurant Central.
After a few days complaining he finally looked the place up online and thought it didn't sound half bad.
Nice of him.
So we get there and he is trying to touch my face and I'm pointing out a little discretion might be appropriate.
He whines I'm not wearing a skirt.
I never bloody wear a skirt round here.
People know me.
If I start wearing skirts in public they will assume I'm on the pull.
With this dude?
Every guy in N8 will assume he's Entitled if they think I'd desperate enough to date this dude..
But what's discretion to him?
I'm the one facing the consequences of his indiscretion.
He is a Consequence Free Zone.
It'll all be alright.
Oh yes.
I want to eat just chips and dip.
I like the chips and dip here, but no.
That's not good enough.
I have to have proper food because I'm just a little girl who doesn't know her own mind so he gets me some flan thing that has wheat in it.
As well as the chips.
I make an attempt at the stuff on the flan but I accidentally eat a bit of pastry and next thing you know I'm lying on the bench feeling very hot and very ill.
I'm breathing fast and sweating.
My stomach hurts.
I can see him looking at me out of the corner of my eye.
Yes you motherfucker.
I'm ill.
I'll be over it in an hour but you can entertain yourself with some guilt while I yet again recover from the consequences of my own politeness.
"Guess what I'm looking at?" he says, "and they are heaving nicely."
I will swing for this twat, I swear..
He has sent his own food back of course.
The poor barman looked like someone had kicked his puppy when that happened.
This was too friggin' much.
I made my excuses then went to look for him.
He was outside smoking a fag.
"You aren't planning on giving him a discount, are you?"
I ask.
"Gave him a free glass of wine".
"Can you put some arsenic in the next one?"
He laughs "I keep some behind the bar specially!"
Oh good.
So we leave the pub and head to the bank.
After I'd discouraged him from linking arms which he thought was "more discreet" than not linking arms, because he is a mad bastard that's why, and he managed to not embarrass me or show me up in any way in the bank - I thought we were making progress.
Might work on the dental hygiene next..
We go to get a bottle of whine, sorry, wine (genuine typo) and he wants to walk down the street carrying it in plain view, where I live, off to what is clearly a social occasion with a woman half his age in the middle of the afternoon.
No. You.
Fucking.
Don't.
I had it off him and wrapped under my coat.
It is possible that, by this time, I was getting a tad too sensitive about his behaviour but let's face it - the man is a disaster area.
Goes through life oblivious to the consequences of his actions on other people then whines when they point out his error.
I was on alert, but still not alert enough.
I am just getting my keys out, at my front door, the neighbours spend a lot of time near the window next to the door and the walls in the hallway are two layers of thin plasterboard.
What does this fucker go and do??
Starts talking about how many men I might have had visiting here.
Un fucking believable.
I get him upstairs, he doesn't want to pay the money first, well he wouldn't, would he?
He wants an all night shagfest then to pay for just an hour of it.
He massages me and nearly breaks my toes.
Twice.
He drools into my ear and slobbers on my hair so much I get a towel and wipe it off, hinting at my displeasure with a meaningful glance.
He thinks I am being silly.
Of course he does.
'Cos you know what?
Guys come up to him all day long and slobber down his hair.
Must do.
Why else would he think I'm 'silly'.
And he has a point.
The slobber will wash off.
That fucking Orange is with me for life.
But I am getting close to my chuffing limit.
(And you know I'm cross when the Yorkshire comes out).
I don't know when my temper is quite going to take over and relieve me of this plonker, but it might be any moment.
The life of a prostitute can be a glamorous whirl of fancy restaurants and engaging intelligent grateful gentlemen.
Most of the time it's like a dream and I can't imagine ever wanting it to end, but once in a while you really find out what the Christians mean by the word 'sacrifice'.
And you do it, not happily, but willingly.
For one of god's own creatures.
For a man who has so very little going for him you feel like crying.
It is not the most fun part of the job, but it is the part I'm most proud of.
Then came the Final Straw.
I'm getting up to look for something, trying to balance on one leg and he pulls me over, and I'm within a whisper of smashing my teeth in on his thick stupid skull.
I am sure he would have been very sorry about it though.
Afterwards.
But tragically unable to afford the ten grands worth of cosmetic dentistry needed to fix his latest screwup.
No I'd be the one footing that bill.
Muggins here.
Then he met Reality.
Icicle style.
I expect it was quite a novelty for him.
"What are you doing???"
"What?"
"What the fuck are you doing???
"?"
"I'm sick of this!
I can't take any more.
It's alright for you isn't it?
Worst that's going to happen to you is you get a bit of a sore head.
I'm likely to get my teeth smashed in!!!"
He starts to argue, but I've Had It.
"I'm sick of you.
Please leave.
I'm sick of you!
I'm fucking sick of all you fucking white middle-aged men." (Didn't quite mean that one) "When the rest of the planet go on about 'White Men' you are the exact White Man they have in mind!!
"Think you own the fucking place, don't you?
I'm your age dude, didn't know that did you?
And you think you can fucking well tell me what to do all the fucking time don't you?
Nothing's ever right for you is it??
Did it ever occur to you I might know what I'm doing?? Now get the fuck out because I'm fucking sick of the sight of you.
I'm sick of being patronised, poked, grabbed and drooled on."
"I wasn't drooling".
"Yes you were.
You just drooled all down my fucking hair.
My profile says "No grabbing no yanking not biting and no fucking drooling".
And then you try to over balance me and I nearly smashed into you thick skull with my teeth.
You think I want to spend the fucking afternoon down the Shittington?
[local hospital] With my teeth knocked out and your skull split in two?
Does that sound like a fun afternoon to you because that's what you just tried to fucking do to me!! Get the fuck out of here.
I've had it!
"And you can keep the fucking money!"
He is outraged but starts to apologise.
With no real understanding that there had been any problem at all up till now.
Because I'm a professional.
Too professional.
He starts whining again but I couldn't stand any more.
I decide to leave myself.
Before I killed the fucker.
I get a dress on.
A nice flowery one my boyfriend, Harrison, bought me.
I pull on a coat, check I have my keys, then head out the door and down the stairs.
He is following me but he isn't as fast.
Because he's fat, that's why.
And as the 'woman of his dreams' is about to disappear round the corner and hide in the pub (with a double vodka the barman gives her for free seeing the look on her face) - one last whinge echoes up the street.
It's about my chuffing outfit, of all Goddamned things..
"You're not going to go out in that are you??"
"Tell me what you eat, I'll tell you who you are."~
Anthelme Brillat-Savarin
So I'm in America, and while Harrison is at work, I'm sanding down the kitchen table, painting it then sanding it again several times.
I was pondering the frightening sight I'd seen the day before in a local 'Ihop' - a cafe chain.
Man there are some large Americans, I'm thinking, big biiiiig Americans.
I'm scared to go into the slushy section of QuikTrip too - for fear the customers mistake me for food.
They were round the blue Slushy machine like Humming birds round nectar.
Big Humming birds.
Harrison's daughter, Faith, wanted me to go in there with her once, but I wouldn't.
Large people frequently assume I'm skinny just to piss them off.
Harrison even has a big fat-assed dog who was so big he needed help to get up every time and the vet said it was arthritis.
Harrison had been putting the two dogs - Fat Ass and Skinny Ass, into the laundry room with a single bowl of food then shutting the door.
Later on, one great big fat-assed dog would come waddling out, followed by a tiny little skinny dog.
Wonder what happened in there then??
I put Fat Ass on Glucosamine and Chondroitin, and a strict diet that included an automated dog food dispenser doling out a tiny portion of Doggie Kibble every four hours, then got Skinny Ass her own RFID-tag operated bowl.
It shuts on Fat Ass' nose.
In six weeks he lost ten pounds and either he never had arthritis in the first place or the Glucosamine worked - because now, the instant he hears the Kibble Dispenser hit the jackpot - he is up and at it faster than the eye can see.
No human intervention needed.
So how do Americans get so fat?
I am bored of sanding so I switch on the TV for something to listen to while I work.
It is an afternoon chat show.
They are about to do some cooking.
This cooking section gets quite a build-up - in fact it is the finale to the show.
They are going to be cooking 'dawgs', which must be hot dogs.
And that's where it all got a bit peculiar.
The chef came on to the sort of applause Barack Obama got for winning the election.
He and the host start talking in quite physical terms about all the nice food - and how good it would feel slithering down your throat.
Not a single goddamned word about whether the stuff would kill you, what it's nutritional content might be or anything like that.
It was food porn.
Then it got worse.
Each new ingredient was introduced to a standing ovation!
Yup.
Americans clap food.
They cheer at it.
Food is fun.
That's all it is.
And then I noticed something else - this so-called 'food' which being mostly wheat, fat, sugar and pig's anus, is not even considered food at all on my planet.
The presenter calls for quiet.
Her voice becomes low and serious.
She wants to talk about something controversial, I could tell.
What could be worse than all this then, I'm thinking?
Must be pretty bad.
Is she going to stuff live kittens down her face or something?
"Now this is strictly optional.." she says.
"it is entirely up to you.." her voice faltered with the gravity of what she was about to impart.
"You don't have to do this yourselves.."
Oh do get on with it you silly cow..
"..but sometimes I like to have a fried onion on my dawg.."
Utter silence.
Although it was strictly optional, the audience is still stunned to learn that some people eat vegetables.
“They swing the lead as best they can, while looking for the easy collars.
Then they get all uppity like, when someone expects 'em to do their job.”
~ John Higgins, Brother John and Sister Chain
I'm in trouble on a mailing list.
I was less than flattering about policemen.
I could write a book about policemen, probably will one day.
I have nineteen more similar stories, although this does have the highest body count.
So far.
Aparently the wife of a police officer is upset I think them mostly lazy and incompetent.
But she is shy, and only dare express her outrage to a third party.
Maybe this will give her the courage she needs.
The families of Paula, Irani and Maria will be keen to hear anything she cares to say too, I'm sure.
They don't know about this story yet.
They don't know the deaths of their beloved family members were preventable.
www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1363078/John-Sweeneys-artwork-Did-seria...
I met that dude.
The Camden Ripper.
I got away alive, and with sufficient information for him to be traced.
Clients are very well-behaved people, but off duty it's a different matter.
I'm a Nutter Magnet.
It's a gift.
It was the mid-nineties, New Year's Eve or thereabouts.
I was in a Pub in Kings Cross, off the south side of Euston Road.
My fella, the musician Stu Didiot, was with his friend Carol, a journalist, and her husband, Nigel.
I put some Pink Floyd on the jukebox and let them all get on with it.
A man takes one of the few empty seats in the pub, which was next to me, on a padded bench.
We get talking.
He is tall, and thin, dressed in slightly faded darkish blue denim.
Dark hair, short at the sides.
Long distance from nose to mouth I notice.
Pronounced naso-labial folds with an exaggerated curve at the top.
I'm an Aspie.
We notice the details.
We are talking about nothing much, then he says..
"I killed my missus."
Like it's something you do every day.
"Oh really?"
I sounded mildly interested.
As if he'd just bought a new motorbike I wasn't especially interested in, and I was being polite.
"Yeah." he says "I've got her under me floorboards".
I nod a little.
Like I think floorboards are fine places to be hiding bodies.
The first rule of dealing with nutters - don't let the nutter know you know they are a nutter!
Your chances of escape are exponentially lower if you let on.
Not that I was in any danger.
Never been to that pub before or, as you will understand, since.
And I was with three of the smartest people on the planet.
But dealing with lunatics is something I've had long practice with.
I know the drill.
He changes the subject, but as soon as I can, I try to find out where he lives.
He is vague, but it's not that far away.
It was the best I could do.
I mention it to Stu.
We decide to call the police.
They aren't interested.
Now I find out he's killed again.
And there are two women still missing.
All vanished after my phonecall.
The police are still looking for the bodies, so I rang up and told them exactly what I'd told them 15 years ago.
As you are more likely to get promoted for finding a body than preventing one, this time they are actually interested.
"Coffee makes it possible to get out of bed.
Chocolate makes it worthwhile."
~ Anonymous
It's late, and I need to think.
Cigarettes help me think but I've run out.
I go into Mary's room - without knocking.
It's midnight.
She's always asleep by now.
I head for the far side of the sofabed to look for fags.
"There's no chocolate cake left.." says an apologetic little voice, from under the duvet.
I stop in my tracks.
"I didn't expect there would be.
I'm here for cigarettes."
"They're over there."
I get one and head back, then stop again.
She shouldn't be awake.
"So why are you still awake then?
Are you feeling guilty about the chocolate cake?"
No answer.
"It's alright.
I know burglars operate in the area.
It's like a jewelry shop or an off licence that's been sucessfully hit the once.
They always come back!"
Still nothing.
"So why are you hiding under the duvet?
Why didn't you yell for me the instant they climbed out the window with all that cake?
I'd have chased them down the street you know.."
"I'm sorry.."
"What have you got to be sorry about?
To be honest I didn't expect to get out the room alive with the one slice I did eat earlier.."
But still no answer from under the duvet.
All the nice, tasty, delicious orange chocolate cake brought round by my gentleman friend, Rodger, has gone.
There's nothing I can do about it now.
I approach the bed.
"There's no need to lie awake feeling guilty.
I understand.
I don't expect you to fight off all those nasty burglars by yourself."
Then I notice something.
That's a brand new duvet.
Why is there a suspicious looking brown patch directly over where Mary's face is??
"What all this?"
I finger the duvet.
It's melted chocolate.
I hope.
Quite a lot of it.
Buggeration!
Another duvet bites the dust..
Mary peeps out from underneath and stares downwards.
Her mouth opens in a shocked little 'O'.
"Oh I'm so sorry Icicle!
I should have wiped my hands!"
"Your hands?? What have your hands got to do with chocolate patches all over the duvet?"
But she is too traumatised by the break-in to answer me.
She disappears under the duvet like a tortoise into it's shell, hibernating for the winter, and won't come out again.
Billy McCormac, Karl Rove and Fredrik Andersson.
AKA Karl Rove and his Swedish henchmen.
Karl Rove, as previously discussed, is paid to help the Swedish Right under Frederik Reinfeldt, win elections.
His Henchmen run a PR company called Prime PR.
Prime PR has recently been caught out with Primegate..
Where members of the left wing social democrats were paid in secret to send their party more right wing.
Don't that one say 'Karl Rove' all over it?
But wait!
Theres more.
From Anna Ardin of all people!
http://twitter.com/#!/therealardin
18th September.. "En man utanför min toa när jag besökte Prime PR: "vi behöver nån i trafik, jag snackar med Micke"
["A man outside my bathroom when I visited Prime PR: "We need someone in traffic, I'm talking with Mike""]
Don't bother deleting it dear, theres a screenshot.
So, theres Karl Rove, up to his ears in the Bushs' dodgy dealings.
Terrified of Wikileaks and called upon to win an election for Reinfeldt and the Swedish right.
Which he did.
Get the picture yet?
Swedish Cabinet..
Reinfeld head of the dungheap, Beatrice Ask Minister for Justice who just happens to be Marianne Ny's boss.
And Karl Rove thinking one good deed deserves another?
Or bad deed or whatever.
So how many people does it take to connect Rove to Assange?
Several routes are possible.
Assange > Ardin > Prime PR > Rove.
Assange > Ny > Beatrice Ask > Reinfeldt > Rove.
And if you credit the rumour that Thomas Bodstrom is currently negotiating to switch sides and join Reinfeldt..
Assange > Ardin > Borgstrom > Bodstrom > Reinfeldt > Rove.
Assange > Ardin > Swedish police > duty prosecutor > duty prosecutor's husband > Beatrice Ask > Reinfeldt > Rove.
The only missing piece now is Sofia Wilen.
Perhaps she turned up unexpectedly and looked, to Ardin, like a better plan than the original, which was perhaps something of a non-starter if Assange inisisted they stop at only one compromising photograph.
Or perhaps the brief was to encourage him into rough sex she could later use as evidence of r*pe, and he refused?
If there was a plan, it was not executed yet as she insisted he stay when friends offered to take him in.
If something went wrong, Sofia Wilen must have looked like a gift from the gods.
And Ardin, a creature with more initiative than brains and extremely over-confident, ran with an alternative mission of her own devising, modelled on the one mentioned on her Twitter feed 18th January 2010, previously carried out on her fiance.
This would explain how you can be part of a setup and still leave that stupid blog lying round.
Which would mean she is currently in hiding on the West Bank - not from her adoring public - but from Karl Rove.
Heh.
I'm more sympathetic to pedophiles than most.
It is not as if, for instance, anyone kneels by their bed every night, praying "Oh please God make me a Kiddie-Fiddler by morning", is it?
You sort of are one, and you are stuck with it.
A bit like being gay, or left-handed, or an Autie, or having red-hair.
So out of consideration for everyone, I think it is best to hand out free chemicals to suppress the sex drive of any man who asks for them.
They used to use progersterone I think, on gay people, before everyone realised being gay was actually pretty cool.
I'm all up for a no-questions-asked 'please Mr Pharmacist can I have over the counter progesterone its for my Missus honest' policy.
All funded by me.
The Taxpayer.
It lacks a certain bloodlust and so it won't ever pass muster for Daily Mail readers - or Satan himself, Mr Paul Dacre - but disappointed Satanic Minions aside, it is logical and it is reasoned.
It might solve the problem in many cases and, as a UK Taxpayer, thats all I care about.
Wanna know what taxpayers in the Land of Burgers and Make Believe do with pedophiles?
You thought I was sympathetic?
Wait till you getta load of this..
http://wikileaks.ch/cable/2009/06/09KABUL1651.html
No. Your eyes did not decieve you.
That did so mean what you couldn't believe it meant.
http://humantrafficking.change.org/blog/view/wikileaks_reveals_us_tax_do...
The American taxpayer buys small boys for rapists.
Bradley Manning, the greatest US patriot of modern times, faces 50 years in jail for telling you about those little boys.
Here is his defence fund.
Here is a copy and paste of a comment I posted in response to someone who thinks Assange is evading justice.
I thought you all might like it.
@Carnivore:
He has good reason to believe he will get no fair trial in Sweden.
Here is the proof..
http://www.chillingmesoftly.com/content/proof-marianne-ny-lied-swedish-c...
It is the Swedish prosecutor lying to get the arrest warrant.
Now the British judge, Howard Riddle, is wanting to see evidence of a prima facie case because you cannot extradite on an EAW just for 'questioning'.
He wants evidence, or a charge, and if she charges him she will have to show Assange the evidence.
And there isn't any that wasn't throughly refuted by the two accusers' blogs, tweets and text messages..
Even had the Swedish prosecutor been truthful in her claim that she had been 'unable' to interview Assange, and lets face it he tried eight times to be questioned before he gave up - she still isn't entitled to demand his presence so the EAW is without foundation.
Were she to charge him, it would be a different matter.
The Swedes are attempting to hold Assange long enough for the US to bail them out by torturing Manning into giving up Assange.
This is known as 'abuse of process' in Europe, and we have legal protections against it.
Assange is using these legal protections, as is his right.
So, as there is no legal requiremennt for him to be in Sweden what do we have left?
A rabid woman who lies on oath, with delusions of Feminism, demanding Assange takes time out of his *busy* day to be locked up incommunicado in her personal dungeon.
If thats the sort of thing that appeals to him he can find it on Craigslist.
It is not necessary to go all the way to Sweden.
Something has been bothering me.
Now it may come as a shock to some, but I have enjoyed, from time to time, the occasional dalliance with a Gentleman.
Quite a - erm, few, gentlemen.
Not once, in my entire litany of depravity have I ever felt the need to do this..
http://www.businessinsider.com/julian-assange-says-one-of-his-accusers-t...
And I'm a very keen photographer.
So its odd.
Another odd thing is Karl Rove..
http://legalschnauzer.blogspot.com/2010/12/is-karl-rove-driving-effort-t...
"Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt has been called "the Ronald Reagan of Europe," and he has a friendship with Rove that dates back at least 10 years, to the George W. Bush campaign for president in 2000.
Reinfeldt reportedly asked Rove to help with his 2010 re-election in Sweden."
""When [Rove] was in trouble and did not want to testify on the three times he was invited [by the U.S. Congress], he wound up in Sweden," our source says.
"Further, it was [Reinfeldt] that first hired Karl when he got thrown out of the White House.""
"After being elected, Fredrik Reinfeldt, one of his first major visits abroad was to George Bush in the White House, this in spite of Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo, a visit that many people thought shouldn’t have happened, his coalition then getting—bringing over Karl Rove for advice and support—Karl Rove, the architect of President Bush’s electoral victories.
AMY GOODMAN: They brought Karl Rove here?
BRIAN PALMER: This past summer.
AMY GOODMAN: Because?
BRIAN PALMER: Because he can offer good advice on how to win the 2010 election.
And—
AMY GOODMAN: Is this unusual for Karl Rove to do this kind of international consulting?
BRIAN PALMER: According to his website, it’s his only foreign consulting, for the Moderate Party of Sweden."
From Rove's own website.. http://www.rove.com/bio
"Before Karl became known as “The Architect” of President Bush’s 2000 and 2004 campaigns, he was president of Karl Rove + Company, an Austin-based public affairs firm that worked for Republican candidates, non-partisan causes, and non-profit groups.
His clients included over 75 Republican U.S. Senate, Congressional, and gubernatorial candidates in 24 states, as well as the Moderate Party of Sweden."
OK, so far, so circumstantial.
Whats this got to do wwith a nuddy pic of Julian Assange?
I am beginning to think this persecution, while perhaps not orchestrated by Rove, is very much inspired by him.
It doesn't feel to me like it has his fingerprints exactly - for one thing Rove cannot give orders to the Swedish Ministry of Justice, and the old boy does so like to get his hands dirty personally - its not exactly the Master at Work here, more like Studio Of.
Rove's speciality is election rigging followed by Judical Tampering with maybe a bit of Light Murder.
Yes his persecutions are political, but always, as far as I know to do directly with getting his man in place.
Consider the Ron Siegelman case.
Its complicated, but Siegelman won an election in Alabama, had 6000 votes stolen from him then ended up in prison on trumped-up charges.
A guy who refused to testify against him ended up in a freezing cold prison cell, miles from home and without his medication.
Vote rigging..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymqcU5zOPSg
Overview of the persecution..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pyh9BYeM43A&feature=related
Karl Rove had his sticky fingers in the pie.
And the subject of compromising photos shows up too.
http://tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2008/07/karl_rove_issues_new_d...
Which brings me back to this..
http://www.theaustralian.com.au/in-depth/wikileaks/wikileaks-founder-baf...
"He argued that Miss A's behaviour, beginning with the taking of the photograph, had given no indication of any problem between them."
You have to wonder why Anna Ardin would take a naked picture of Julian Assange.
She is a silly, vain creature with a never-ending collection of vaucous friends, but whats the use of the pic?
I'm going with 'to show to all her girly-pals' seeing as she very much likes to boast.
But - it could have had more sinister uses worth thinking about.
Mary suggested photoshopping.
Say you wanted to show Assange up to something he shouldn't be - with an underage girl or a sheep or something - you'd need photographic proof.
Anyone could photoshop Assange's head on a naked body and provide such 'proof' but you always run the risk of him having a birthmark you don't know about.
Its a possibility.
And if Ardin was a honeytrap beyond that - you wouldn't need to do much actual trapping.
Merely putting Assange in the same flat with this woman would predictably end in disaster.
Her tweets show her a year ago asking for 'sophisticated revenge' suggestions, and the very next thing she mentions is Claes Borgstrom.
She thinks he is a fine feminist thinker.
I wonder if the fiance she was taking revenge on would care to tell us how that one panned out?
http://twitter.com/#!/therealardin
So, a predictable one-woman smear campaign.
Now hiding in a burkah on the West Bank - which is probably the best place for her - while a prosecution whose prosecutor refuses eight times to interview the accused lies to a Swedish court to get an extradition warrant.
18th November..
http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?hl=en&sl=no&u=http://ipad.aftenp...
".The reason is that he must be questioned in connection with the investigation and that it has not been possible to summon him for questioning,"
It was so possible.
http://www.twitlonger.com/show/71m62q
At least eight times.
She really doesn't want a hearing, does she?
Because its a lemon of a case.
No matter.
Its only a holding action while the US tortures Bradley Manning - a boy charged with absolutely nothing -- into giving up Assange.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FkDyW3ZM5w
Then Karl Rove turns up..
http://rawstory.com/news/2008/Karl_Roves_IT_guru_Mike_Connell_1220.html
and its no wonder Claes Borgstrom looks so petrified these days :)
So me and Mary are in the paper shop.
Mary hasn't any money.
"Icicle can I have a Daily Mail?"
Yup the girl has an unerring eye for quality..
"Aw Mary!"
I turned to the shopkeeper..
"Can I have a porn magazine to hide it in?"
"Mary.." I said "You know they started that campaign to get Jonathon Ross off the telly.
He was the only thing you watched exceot Murders.
And they had to pay £300 grand to that woman D'Acre called a 'fat cunt' for being pregnant.
Its the Devil's Own Toilet Paper, the Daily Mail.."
Mary picks it up anyway.
Then her eye catches sight of Wired.
She starts leafing through that too.
Like I said.
An unerring eye for quality..
OK Honeypies, this one goes out to - how shall I put this? - the more well connected among my clients.
I don't personally, give a shit about your mild inconveinience.
A few diplomatic cables were released.
Shut the fuck up already.
You will find a work around.
300 years ago, there was an actual reason for the well padded asses of your diplomatic partners in crimes to be situated, at my personal taxpaying expense, in a foreign nation to conduct assessments and zeitgeist core samplings.
Now there isn't.
You have rolling news, you have internet, you can read the personal blog of anyone you are interested in or you can plain old pick up the fucking phone.
Would you criticize the Normandy Landings because they interrupted your French vacation travel plans?
What you are really cheesed off at - admit it, is that your old power-structures have failed you.
Someone stands up to the US, or whoever (seeing as the lot of them are mostly in it together) and whats always happened in the past is that the miscreant has been squashed like a bug.
I've seen the hurt puzzlements on your faces.
The sheer hatred.
Someone who isn't 'one of us' blatently getting away with it.
Even if you kill him he gets away with it.
Its like trying to fight fog.
Aw diddums.
History is written by the victors.
Wanna be on the right side of it?
Get with the fucking program then.
Only write down shit you are proud of and you'll have no worries, will you?
Think about that.
A world where you can only record things you are proud of.
Its called 'progress'.
Its a New New World Order.
Better decide now where in the hierarchy you intend to be, because you are shaping up fast to be at the butt end of it.
Now quit whining on about a few diplomats who are going to have to be reassigned, because, much as I like being paid, you ain't paying me enough to listen to that bollocks.
If just one of you puts me through that arseache again I'm going to make everyone over fifty prove to me they have made a substantial donation to Wikileaks, or worse, Greenpeace, before I will even consider your application to spend money on my Valueable Time.
And if anybody I consider important ends up on the wrong end of an extradition request to the USA, all Americans will be banned for life.
All of you.
Dollar ain't worth shit anyway..
Just imagine some girl was miffed at you for infidelity and wanted to embarrass you by telling the police you won't take an STD test.
As you are famous it might make a nice story for the papers.
Next thing you know the Deputy Director of Public Prosecutions herself is prosecuting you personally, the girl's lawyer is Harriet Harman (Equality Minister) and her business partner was once Kenneth Clarke (Justice Minister).
Thats the situation Assange is in.
Now imagine Ken Clarkes department had been Up To No Good in a Wikileaks cable by giving the US data on UK citizens behind parliament's back and there were claims from an assassinated ministers PA (Anna Lindh's) that Clarke was up to his ears in CIA torture renditions.
http://91.214.23.156/cablegate/wire.p...
http://www.thelocal.se/17000/20090119/
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claes_Borgstr%C3%B6m
Now imagine Ken Clarke has high-tailed it to Massachusetts to spend more time with his family.
I'd say this prosecution is as political as it gets.
Which is the only defence that will prevent Assange's extradition, and has barely had a mention in the media.
