“During your travels its important to always keep one thing in mind.
When one thing ends, something else begins”.
Quote from movie – “Love Happens”
A few weeks ago it was Children’s Day in Costa Rica, it’s custom on Facebook for people to post baby photos so I went ahead and added mine.
It was a photo of myself when I was little and lived in Mexico, I was standing in front of an old red VW bug.
A few days later I got a nice long email from my father (he lives in Mexico) and he had a great story about the photo and about my late grandfather.
H.J. Alcock, my grandfather, died just a few months after I was born and I’ve never been told much about him… I did know that he was a wonderful, inteligent and handsome man.
My father’s email, a little piece of who my grandfather was…
“… there is an incredible story behind the 2 Beetle VW’s, one red, & the other blue.
When we arrived in Mexico back in 1971, approx April I think.
Your granddad Bill ordered 2 VW’s from one of his old friends Perez Avella.
Perez Avella had a Cummins sub-distributorship & also owned a VW dealership on the way out to Puebla, from where bill ordered the 2 VW’s.
Bill being the brilliant man he was, had planned to buy a Porsche engine [Which he did] & fit it into one of the VW’s.
But as u well know by now, he got sick back in July 1971, went through surgery & died within 3 weeks of falling ill.
As you well know we were all absolutely devastated & in complete shock, & even Bill’s many many friends & work colleagues.
Well anyway, the 2 VW’s arrived at the house with the invoices, but with no charge.
Apparently Bill had helped his good friend Perez Avella so much in previous years, to build up his Cummins distributorship & the whole business, that Perez Avella who was so sad to lose his good friend, decided not to charge the VW’s.
So they were given to us free.
As for the Porsche engine, Bill during his final weeks did have the engine shipped down from the US, through Kenworth Mexicana [Again thru his many friends] [Truck Manufacturer] which is situated on the US/Mex border, to the house in Hacienda.
I can still picture him now with the Porsche engine, even though he was suffering with severe headaches, stripping it down on the kitchen table & weighing & filing the pistons & con-rods [Bielas] by millimeters, so that the engine would run smoother & more evenly balanced, when it was put into service.
This was Bill Alcock, he was so meticulous when it came to engines & their functionality.
He had a brilliant mind when it came to engines or anything mechanical or electical.
Bill was the senior manager in charge of the Cummins Regional Office in Rio Panuco [Still remember the name of the street], down town Mexico City.
I worked at the main distributor in Vallejo [Industrial part of Mexico City].
My job was to run the Cummins warranty dept.
between Mexico & the Cummins head office in Columbus Indiana.
That is, to administrate all the warranty claims & payments, this is where English language was required.
The original idea was that Bill would help me out if I ran into any technical issues, as sometimes I was called on to diagnose engine failures for warranty purposes.
But sadly, as we know, that didn’t last for long as he passed on a few months after our arrival.
Bill, I think must have started his career as a young apprentice railway engineer in Wales back in the early days, when steam engines were built by hand, that is, all the boilers were welded by hand, all the steel parts, wheels & pulleys etc were produced by hand also on the turning lathes.
Bill must have have gone all the way at Tech to become & graduated as a Mechanical Engineer.
If not, he would never had got the job & level he had at Cummins.
I have probably already told u this, but his main hobby at one time was making & building steam engines to scale.
And I mean real scaled down steam engines that would run by themselves on steam.
I remember once that he took me to a modeling shop in UK to buy all the steel parts, wheels & rough castings etc, copper tubes to build another steam engine.
He even bought the plans, I still remember that the engine was from the “Nigel Gressley” class.
I can tell u that only a fully trained railway engineer going back to the early days would have had the ability to hand build a fully workable steam engine.
I think that’s why he was so brilliant with engines.
[Diesel or Gas].
I must admit I’ve never ever met a man, & never will, with such drive, ability, brilliance & knowledge over such a large range of subjects, he was surely an icon in his time.
There was the “Flying Dutchman” sailing boat that he bought.
[A 12ft sail boat class used in the Olympics] I remember him in Darlington with a pile of books beside his reading chair on sailing, where he read up on all there was to know about sailing.
The boat was kept out in the back garden where he would work & fiddle around with it.
I remember once he took me sailing one day to Redcar,  on the British east coast.
We went out sailing on the North Sea, I remember I was terrified, the sea was rough & hug, & the sailing boat seemed so little.
But Bill seemed to enjoy every minute.
He was also a “Radio Ham” with all his radio equipment & with hug antennas on top of the roof, just to communicate with his friends around the world.
[U may know he spoke 3 languages, English, Spanish & perfect Portuguese].
Then there was the archery, rifles & his pride & joy a black Mercedes Benz, 1961 model year I think it was.
I will never forget the day he passed away in the hospital, your Mom was in Guatamala [Tramite del FM2], I remember Bill taking his last breath, it was very long last sigh as if he was fighting to stay alive.
It was truly heart breaking, & I can remember thinking that how is it possible that this man with all his brilliance could be taken away from us, so young, & so quickly”.
It’s a real shame I never got to meet him… or my kids!
The best thing about Karma is… being able to live a daily stress-free & relaxed life.
The worst?
Knowing that you probably won’t be there to see it work it’s charm, and it will.
What goes around will come around, those who sow hatred, nasty thoughts & wishes will sow it back and then some!
Cause & effect, like Newton’s 3rd Law of Motion: “For every action, there will always be an equal and opposite rection”.
What we put into something is what we get, so let’s never forget…
I’ve done the merry go round, I’ve been through the revolving door, I feel like I met somebody I can stand still with for a minute and… Don’t you wanna stand still with me?”
I originally wrote this 1 year ago… the main street that takes me down to my house is full of these wonderful trees, very similar to cherry blossoms but they’re called “Roble de La Sabana”.
Needless to say, they’re beautiful and bloom only once a year just before our rainy season.
Some things come few times in a lifetime, we need to remind ourselves always to stop & appreciate the little things…
ORIGINAL POST:
Around this time of year there’s some beautiful trees that appear around the city, they’re cherry blossom look-a-likes and bloom in many beautiful shades of pink.
Just the other day as I drove by a huge one down by the park I realized how quickly they bloom, shed and die… kinda sad if you think of it.
Time is such a big issue in life, when you’re bored and have nothing to do, time seems to crawl by and then you turn around and it’s gone so fast that you wonder what you’ve been doing for the past five years of your life.
I wonder what the pink flowers think, they have such little time before they fall and dry out.
Do they make the best of their time on the tree or do they just sit there until it’s time to fall?
Time and waiting are such an ugly combination, waiting is word that pretty much describes a big part of my life, and not in a good way.
I walked down to the park today, camera in hand and I stood there staring at the tree.
I wondered, do the flowers wait too?
If they do, do they fall because they want to or because they have to?
I ask myself, have I found myself in “waiting” situations because that’s my destiny or because I have been stupid enough to put myself there?
When you’re sitting in a waiting mode, it’s amazing how quickly the sun can shine, then fade until you’re on the floor again.
As Paulo Coelho said, “Waiting is painful.
Forgetting is painful.
But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering”.
I hate waiting…
It’s hard to have missed last week’s hype on F8, Mark Zuckerberg and all the huge changes that are coming to Facebook.
As much as I’m always eager to read up on Social Media news, it was pretty hard to keep up with everything!.
Of course, as a Social Media Manager I was concerned, not much was said about Facebook Pages in particular but we all know that they will be largely affected with the introduction of so many new features.
Having said that, it’s clear that all Social Media Marketers need to go back to the drawing board, it’s important to find out what we need to adjust, change or add to our Social Media strategies.
I know it’s tricky, a couple of months ago you sat with your CEO to explain why he needed to update the “Like” and “Follow” buttons on his website and now you need to meet up with him and explain all Facebook’s new changes!
It’s still a little early to know what will happen but having early access to Facebook Timeline and having heard all the news about the changes, we can speculate quite a bit on the shift that we must make.
There’s quite a few articles out there about how all of these changes go down but it’s hard to understand how they will affect marketers and Social Media managers… so here’s my thoughts:
a) “Top Stories” vs. recent stories: Just before the announcement of the upcoming changes for Facebook we saw changes on our main feed.
There’s a clear division between what Facebook considers are “Top Stories” and all other recent stories.
I still don’t trust Facebook’s algorithm, it still marks stories that are completely irrelevant to me.
In theory, Facebook will eventually remember our choices and only pick Top Stories that we will actually enjoy.
As managers of company or branded Pages we do our best to provide creative and engaging content.
Starting this week, users will now have more control over their feeds and us marketers, well, we’ll have switch it up to deliver even more interesting and valuable content to stay in those “Top Stories”!
b) Goodbye “Like”, hello sharing: A great change that I’ve noticed in the past weeks with some of the brands that I manage is the amount of people that have begun sharing and tagging on Facebook.
I’m still not sure if this is a natural growth step or if it’s been product of some of Facebook’s recent changes.
Somehow it seems that users are being more open to share, which can be a great opportunity for brands and the content they post on their Facebook Page.
For years marketers and brands have been creating strategies for users to “Like” them and nothing else.
With the introduction of all these changes, the loss of the “Like” and the arrival of Facebook Gestures I believe that this sharing will be the key to success, creating opportunities for our users to share stories about our brands or services.
c) Facebook scrapbooking: Facebook Timeline will not only allow users to look at their profile back in time (I took a peek at 2007, funny!), they will also be able to post events or pictures about their past, basically using Facebook as a scrapbook.
Think of it, if users begin to make use of mentions, places, tags and new gestures back to the day they were born, that alone can become a wonderful sharing frenzy!
Suddenly brands and companies will not only be a part of users life from here on but they can also become part of their past.
d) Apps Facelift: The integration of Facebook apps into this “lifestreaming” I think will also be key to the evolution of how people will be using their Facebook accounts.
Apps will no longer be individual and random, they will become an integral part of user’s timelines.
Again, going back to the drawing board on company apps will be key as they will need that shift to have that active roll in users lives and timelines.
e) Lists upgrade: The new Facebook lists are really a blessing, I personally found it hard to divide my Facebook profile into personal and business.
When Google+ was launched I decided to keep my Facebook personal and use my Google+ for business only.
Honestly, I rarely have the time to update my Google+.
Facebook’s new subscriptions and the ability to make posts public & private is one of my favourite new features, I can keep in touch with friends and family privately and create wonderful feeds & content for business related stuff, love it!
What will this mean to marketers?
Once users realize the advantages of categorizing their posts, suddenly tags, mentions and checkin’s will become more public than private, it’s as simple as that.
f) Facebook’s not dying: Last but not least, Facebook has suddenly grown into 800 million users, that’s a huge number.
With the introduction of these changes, Facebook believes that we will all “fall in love” with them again.
I personally think Facebook is far from dying and once users take the time to learn about the new features, they’ll see the added value and take advantage of them.
Suddenly it seems that the next months are going to be incredibly exciting for companies and brands in the Social Media Marketing area.
I personally am quite pumped up about the changes, I think it will challenge brands to “up their game” and not just “be there”.
It will be a great challenge to become more valuable and engaging, certainly looking forward to how all Facebook changes will develop and unfold.
As a full-time workaholic I must admit that I have the most embarrassing guilty pleasure ever… on my down time I visit brainless websites about celebrities, gossip or personal advice.
I should in fact be doing something physical (step away from the computer!)
but as I’m tired enough from strategizing and monitoring I just need some mental chewing gum to disconnect myself from work.
The other night I was reading an article about the do’s and don’ts on ‘keeping your man’, not that I have much time for one right now but you know, just to keep myself in the loop!
Funny enough, as I seem to relate everything to work lately, I realized how narrow a difference there actually was between Social Media Management (what I do every day) and the basics on how to ‘Keep a man’!
Let’s run through the ‘Do’s & Don’ts’
a) Respect him: Yes, agreed!
Respect is a huge word in Social Media too, a lot of Social Media Management has to do with common sense, mutual respect, don’t do onto others as you would have them do to you.
When you’re out there speaking for a brand, mutual respect should be big in your book.
b) Talk to each other: Conversation, conversation, conversation!
Yes this is the basis of all good relationships and so it is for Social Media too.
People online normally do not like to talk to brands, they like to talk to people.
Self promotion, pushy messages and spamming are a big no-no in Social Media, just talk to people, it’s not that hard!
c) Be an open book: Ok, relationship-wise I have my reservations on “telling all” but in Social Media transparency is very important.
I once worked with a company who refused to publish their address or a valid email for contact, not good!
If you open your brand to Social Media, you have to be willing to expose yourself and show your customers and fans who you are.
d) Look after your appearance: Totally agree on this one and works both ways.
As a Social Media and Web Development consultant design is very important to me.
As an online user, a well-polished and branded company Facebook Page makes a world of difference.
Adding a well-designed profile picture and landing tab to a Facebook Page shows that you care and that you’re serious about your business.
e) Don’t argue: Impossible in relationships but oh well!
One of the first things I suggest to companies is: Social Media Policies!
Having a well written crisis plan for your Social Media Marketing strategy is key.
Online transparency is an invitation for customers and fans to give you feedback on your business, this brings the good with the bad & vice-versa.
Be prepared to handle these issues and know when to keep them public and when to take them offline.
f) Don’t focus only on what he can do for you: It’s very easy to fall into selfish ways, in life or at work.
Although it’s clear that Social Media Marketing must be tied to a goal and ROI you must also be aware that you can’t take and take without giving.
As an online brand you must talk with (not to) your customers, ask what they like or don’t like, don’t focus on the sale as you’ll probably fail at it.
g) Don’t talk bad about his friends: I’ve met some a-mazing people online through the many brands and companies I’ve worked with, from peeps that drop all wordily possessions and travel the world to a great barista in downtown Melbourne.
It’s easy to get caught up in friendly conversations online.
Never forget that you’re speaking for a brand, as much as you need to prove that you’re human, think twice about what you write and if you have doubts, always ask.
h) Compliment and support him: There’s one too many tricks on attracting online fans and followers, I’ve always liked the “I scratch your back, you scratch mine” effect.
Mentioning other’s successes and sharing their stories & links can actually be of great benefit to you (not direct competition of course).
Don’t be selfish on Social Media as others will feel your vibe and not pay back the favor.
i) Don’t moan too much: One of my greatest pet-peeves is negative people.
There is absolutely no room in Social Media for a bad day.
If you need to vent about something always do it on your personal account.
It is understood that we must prove to be human behind a branded account but don’t ever post if you’re in a bad mood or feel that you cannot inject a positive vibe into your messages.
j) Hold back and tease him: Aaahh the games people play!
Want to be interesting online?
Then BE interesting.
Tease your fans, ask them questions, engage them in your content and your posts.
Nobody wants to read a boring posting robot, create a personality and make others fall in love with your presence.
With the birth of Google+ and the growth of other platforms such as Twitter and FourSquare, Facebook has been forced to evolve and change by the day.
Monday arrives, we open Facebook and holy crap, things are not where they used to be!
Some people love it, others hate it but at the end of the day, we must adapt and move on.
I don’t mind the changes, all in all they’ve been good (except with the new chat, which I still don’t get!).
My only issue with these changes is, that exactly, change.
With every little tweak Facebook does, we Social Media Managers need to adapt our strategies and educate our customers and brands on the how and why.
These past couple of weeks we’ve noticed some major changes on Facebook, here’s some tips on what they are and how they can work to your advantage.
1) Security: This is the main and most important change we’ve seen on Facebook lately.
If you were not an avid Facebook user, privacy settings were pretty much a nightmare, most people actually had no idea what information they had been sharing or not.
The new “Privacy Settings” page is now easier to use and it also allows you to manage tags and even past posts.
Other than being able to set your privacy via the main tab, Facebook now allows you to customize who can see certain status updates, photos or anything else you post on your profile.
2) Brand tagging: This is a major change if you work as a Social Media Manager as this allows you to tag any person or page whether you’ve “Liked” them or not.
I have noticed myself a little hiccup in this feature lately but for branded Facebook pages and companies who market though Facebook, this is a major breakthrough.
I’m very reluctant to “Like” pages personally but I’m open to tagging a company if I need to mention them on my profile.
Companies need to be on their toes about what customers and people are saying about their brand as this makes it much easier for anyone to tag them whether they have something nice to say or not!
3) Photo Tagging: If I could name one thing I hate about Facebook I’d have to say photo tagging.
There is nothing worse than “tag-happy” people who will tag you on anything and everything, from your hand to the bike they’re trying to urgently sell.
With the new privacy settings you can change this in order to approve any photo or post you are tagged in before it’s visible to anyone else on your profile… finally!
3) Goodbye Facebook Places: Well, not really, but they have changed in dynamics.
The term “Check-in” now only applies to FourSquare as on Facebook you can now tag locations in your status update.
What does this mean for brands?
Users can add locations from anywhere, no matter if they’re using their mobile phone or even a computer, this opens the door for brands to reach out with deals and promotions.
4. Photo Viewer: Alas the photo viewer finally changed!
This one really used to bug me as the aesthetics were terrible.
Now it’s white, clean and has all the available tools for interaction.
Another new feature you probably haven’t noticed is that shared photos are larger (750 x 960px) and load twice as fast.
5. Your Wall: The wall has suffered some considerable changes in the past couple weeks.
The new “ticker” is pretty much the ultimate stalking tool and the main feed has become quite similar to that of Google+.
Photos show larger, which is quite nice and of great advantage for Facebook Pages, no longer must brands try to squeeze content in an 100x100px space!
“Top Stories” are now being added to your wall, they can become annoying if you personally don’t think it’s a Top Story, just “unmark” it and voilá, it’s gone!
I like the new wall, photos always speak louder than words, somehow it seems cleaner and easier to follow.
What’s on the drawing board for Facebook?
On September 12th Facebook will be making an upgrade to their API for Facebook Connect.
In theory nothing will need to be done for the change but you might have to tweak a little on the settings.
I suggest you keep an eye out if your company website relies on this tool.
Yesterday I decided to drive out and visit a tattoo shop across town where I had last been in the year 2000.
For years I’ve been thinking about getting another tattoo, a ring on my finger with my kid’s names, I like to plan and think tattoos very well, you know, they are kinda for life.
So I dropped work and drove over, thought I’d talk to the guys, get some ideas and get excited about it all… hell, if it all went well I was even willing to get it done right there and then!
Upon arrival the guy was a little rude, cold, impersonal, he kept cutting me off as I was trying to describe what I had in mind.
Once I was done he insisted that it could not be done… dude, I work online, I did my research, I know it can be done.
Far from any reality show you’ve seen on TV, the guy sounded like he was selling me a piece of furniture and totally gave me the worst vibe.
I walked out of the shop and vowed never to go back there again.
As I was driving home I was upset, I still can’t understand how places have such poor customer service, from a small tattoo shop to the biggest of department stores and brands.
Is it too difficult to be kind, courteous and friendly?
If someone walks into your tattoo shop wanting to brand their skin for life, the least you can do is talk to them, understand that what they’re doing is extremely personal and not make them feel like they’re in a rush to purchase a useless item.
About a month ago I was talking business with a friend and his comments on Social Media were that it’s all just plain and simple PR, and he’s kinda right.
I’ve always thought that Social Media is one of the greatest tools for customer service, those that have figured out how to do it right.
The way that you talk to people matters, wether you’re in a tattoo store on talking to someone on Twitter.
Facebook and Twitter have become great channels to know how your customers, buyers and fans experience your services or your products, and the feedback they provide is worth millions.
As a Social Media Manager, I always keep in mind that I’m representing a company, a brand and there’s no room to be impersonal, rude or cold.
It’s not hard to talk to people and there’s no reason why we must treat them as a transaction or even just a possible sale.
This is one of the beauties (in my opinion) about Social Networks, it gives brands the opportunity to speak directly to their customers and support them.
As a consumer, you have a need to connect with your favourite brand (or Lovemark!) and Social Media proves the channel for this.
As for my tattoo, I really wanted to feel a connection with the person who was going to mark my skin forever, have it done or leave the place even more excited about getting this done.
Instead, I walked away, disappointed and I most probably will never set foot in there ever again!
“You know, honestly by the time you’re 34, all the physical requirements just go out the window.
You secretly pray that he’ll be taller than you, not an asshole.
Would be nice just someone who enjoys my company, comes from a good family.
You don’t think about that when you’re younger.
Someone who wants kids, likes kids.
Healthy enough to play with his kids.
Please let him earn more money than I do, you might not understand that now but believe me, you will one day otherwise that’s a recipe for disaster.
And hopefully, some hair on his head.
I mean, that’s not even a deal breaker these days.
A nice smile.
Yea, a nice smile just might do it.”
“Wow.
That was depressing”
I have been working with Social Media for 3+ years now and somehow I still have clients that surprise me over and over again with their questions and assumptions.
It’s hard not to read online and not find an article about Social Media or even Facebook or Twitter.
This of course would make you think that people now-a-days should be more aware about it, even more if they manage a business, that’s far from the truth.
It’s not easy freelancing in Social Media and I’ve written about this before, still too many people don’t understand it and have very unrealistic expectations.
For example, I still struggle with job offers that ask me to prove to them them how many followers I can get in one day, or how much money I can make them through Twitter in a month.
Newsflash… only 2% of online purchases are the result of shoppers coming from a Social Network, actually, “buying things” or even services is pretty much number 10 on the list of things that a person does on Facebook or Twitter.
Social Media channels alone don’t sell and very few people understand this, so why do so many companies want in?
Ignorance is probably the main reason but then again, there’s so many great ways to use it, it’s an amazing tool to enhance customer relations and customer support, its a great branding tool or even for launching products.
According to research, over 90% of B2B buyers use Social Media to research before making purchases, a good thing to keep in mind.Case studies speak miles and throughout all the research I do on a daily basis there is not one company that has been successful using Social Media alone.
One thing I stress to everybody I work with is that supporting efforts as traditional media, SEO, content marketing, newsletters, CRM, banners, email marketing, video, etc make a world of difference when it comes to the success of a Social Media strategy.
Actually, that’s what “strategy” means, doing the research and making decisions together as to what combination of efforts might produce the best results.
For example, think about this, how could a shipping company be successful on Social Media?
Tricky huh!
One case study that I love is that of ShipServ.com,
they were so keen on having Social Media presence and actually managed to be successful at it.
Through a combination of active Social Media profiles, a revamped website, a new blog, CRM strategies, content & video marketing, SEO and white papers they actually managed a 60% increase in website visitors together with 1,000 downloads of their white papers, hundreds of blog visitors and a couple thousand true Social Media fans.
Having profiles on Facebook and Twitter alone never would have given them these results.
Another couple of examples I love are Jim Beam and Panda Express, through the use of Facebook Ads they managed to expand their fan base by the thousands.
Jim Bean ran a small add just to build audience and their “like” base on Facebook grew from 85,000 to 296,000 in less than 2 months.
Panda Express ran an add for only 7 days promoting a freebie and managed to round up 112,000 new fans.
I’ve always said it, Social Media is not an exact science, what worked for Jim Bean may not work for your business.
As a Social Media manager and doing consulting with many types of companies I’ve learned that there’s no exact formula to be successful online.
With a great product at hand and the right combination of effective strategies any company has better chances of having positive results and there’s no secret to that.
What’s the most important ingredient?
Patience, sometimes the first thing you try might not work and therefore you must be willing to be patient and be open to tweaking the strategy until you find something that does.
Just the other day I found myself rambling about the many things I keep learning here and there about Social Media.
As a freelancer and having to read and update my knowledge on a daily basis I see a lot of misinformation online.
In a nutshell, you see a lot of so-called Social Media experts or gurus who claim to have years of experience and are able to deliver numbers, results and stats in all of your Social Media channels.
I don’t know about you but I find this hard to believe, although there are people out there that have a genuine knowledge of the media, having a knack for posting on Facebook and Twitter doesn’t make anybody an expert or a guru… what is a guru anyway?
Last week I spent a couple days writing up some Social Media guidelines for a client and it made me think.
Does everybody provide their Social Media Manager some basic rules and guidelines or do they just put their brand in their hands and cross their hearts?For example, think about these:
Handling the competition: It is quite possible that your direct competition is online and they’re going through great efforts to succeed in Social Media.
Anonymity is still an issue when it comes to the internet, you must have a clear idea of how you will address direct attacks when it comes to competition.
Ask yourself this, if your Social Media manager gets involved in a conversation about the competition, are they prepared to state facts and deal with the issue diplomatically?
Transparency: Transparency seems to be the word of the year, Social Media leaves little room for error and honesty is needed and noted in the online environment.
It is important to remember that there can be a very fine line between transparency and company confidentiality.
Make sure your Social Media manager is aware of this and give him guidelines on what’s he’s allowed to say or not.
Simple Do’s and Dont’s: Although there’s a lot of information online about what to do (or not) on Social Media, that doesn’t mean that all community managers are aware or keep up-to-date.
In addition to this, each company is different and what works for one brand may not work for the other.
Give your Social Media manager simple tips as to how you want him or her to handle your account.
For example: allow no room for negativity or poor grammar, remind them of the language that must or can be used, give them tasks such as monitoring and research, give them key information as to how you want them to answer mentions and RT’s, provide them with keywords, etc.
The more information you can provide, the less room you’ll leave for error.
Create a crisis plan: If your Social Media manager handles customer support questions or provides users with product information, make sure you have agreed on a crisis plan in case of negative feedback.
No matter how “expert” your manager seems to be, only you know how you want to treat your customers and therefore you are responsible for guiding them and giving them the tools to handle less-than-friendly feedback.
Last but not least, take your time to write down all of these together with some guidelines and policies, this will give you the documentation to discuss with your Social Media manager and guide them in handling your brand.
Don’t drill your manager with details, allow them some space to be creative and to suggest changes and/or additions.
If you don’t know where to start, get some help or hire a consultant to guide you through the process.
As they say, better to be safe than sorry and a company or brand are certainly a subject not to be taken lightly.
The story is quite common and I’m sure we’ve all been there, you meet somebody, there’s attraction, you get to know each other and things begin to click… you fall into a relationship and suddenly you begin to loose control with little things here and there.
Now, I’m not talking about “being controlling”, I’ve never been there and never will, i’m talking about not being in control of small daily situations that begin to throw you off.
For example, a big one can be the painful realization that maybe the other person just doesn’t care that much as they did, or that you’re putting yourself out there way too much creating a very lop-sided relationship.
See, in relationships, I believe there’s so much we can control and so much we can’t.
Early on I learned the importance of being your true self, it’s so clear, if we know who we are and what we want, we should feel absolutely no need to control a situation to create the results that we wish for.
Us humans, we’re so complex, wouldn’t life be easier if we all just spoke our mind and stopped wasting time on silly games?
For example, women can be so funny sometimes, they go out of their way for that initial attraction, the clothes, the makeup, the fancy meals, the baby talk, the attention, even the sex.
They put on a show to reel in a guy and months into the relationship it all falls apart when they can’t keep it up.
(Divorce anyone?).
Failed relationships and time, that’s the only way we learn all these silly lessons, what to do and what not to do.
Failed relationships suck, big time!
But, somehow along the line i’ve also learned that most of us need to go through several of these before we are actually ready to meet that one right person.
Don’t get me wrong, I really have my doubts about the whole “soul mate” thing but I do like to believe that there is some person out there that is the closest to the perfect match… that someone with whom I can truly picture myself growing old with.
None of this can be controlled, unfortunately… and much less, timing.
Timing is so weird, suddenly you meet someone and you’re sure of the timing and then it’s off.
So what does timing mean?
I understand situations where one person is in a relationship (or married) and the timing is off, but I guess it can also mean that one or the other has been hurt badly or just doesn’t want to be in a relationship.
Timing can be so crucial and I believe that it starts with making yourself available to find that “other person”.
As much as failed relationship suck, they prepare us for the next, and the next, and the next.
Yes, it’s horrible not knowing if the next is the “one” but then again, honestly, If two people really want to be together, they’ll both work on it and make it happen (and they’ll work on it equally).
I believe so and it’s taken some hurt to realize how true this can be, there’s nothing more beautiful that being on the same page as somebody else.
Timing…
Just recently a woman in Virginia read my cards, yes, at a distance, it’s a great long story.
Apparently as she read my cards she learned something very interesting about me, she said that I had assembled all the tools I needed and had gone through all the challenges I needed in order to be ready for what’s next.
What did she mean by next?
She meant for my next relationship, hopefully my last one.
I loved those words, she must be a very wise woman because I couldn’t agree more with her.
I have been through many crappy relationships but I’ve also learned, with each and every one of them, lessons that have prepared me for the next one, and the next and so forth.
Right now, I’m done, I’m tired of “next” and i’m ready for the one, and hopefully, this time, as timing is everything, the timing will be right on time!
“Nobody chooses to be a freak.
Most people don’t realize they’re a freak until it’s way to late to change it.
No matter how much of a freak you end up being, chances are there’s still someone out there for you.
Unless of course, they’ve already moved on.
Because when it comes to love, even freaks can’t wait forever.”
About once or twice a week I take a few minutes to check the stats of my blog… sometimes it’s fun, other times it’s boring.
Fun to see certain long lost friends/lovers who keep coming back all the time, what they’re looking for I have no idea, maybe they think one day I’ll have the need to write about them (not!).
It’s interesting when I get weird visits from countries such as Saudi Arabia, Singapore or Belgium… and they actually arrive by Googling ‘Ann Brampton’ – weird!
Then there’s the boring stuff which is all the visits that I can’t really put my finger on!
Ok, maybe they’re not boring but frustrating when I can’t figure out who’s reading me… and usually I am!
Anyway, today someone from London arrived at my blog by searching “blogs about love” and they managed to stay long enough to read 52 pages, that’s a lot!.
I became curious and took a peek of my stats for 1 whole year, 2010 to 2011… which is not much if you consider that i’ve been writing since 2007.
For starters, 15,000 visits?
wow, I had no idea I had become that interesting, I guess, not sure interesting is the word.
I’ve never really cared about numbers, of any sort.
“Why do we always want what we can’t have”… these words are what have lead the majority of strangers to my writings, that’s kinda sad!
Long ago I used to write a lot about that, about missing, about unrequited love, about moving on.
Not anymore.
Not that I have found my better half, I still seem to be working on that, but I’ve learned so many lessons along the way that I just don’t dwell on things like I used to anymore.
“Booty call”, “why do women fake it” and crappy stuff like “brampton booty” or “brampton slut” also rake in quite a few visits.
For those of you who have never been to Canada, there’s a town in Ontario named Brampton, you know, just in case you were wondering.
And talking about countries, USA tops my list, then Costa Rica and then Canada.
I guess the order is wrong as Costa Rica is my home country and Canada is my second fave but I’m ok with that, lately I seem to be falling out of love with Canada anyway.
So what does all this say to me?
1. I’m all over the place, it seems lol
2. I’m thinking, maybe i should divide my blog and have a personal one and a work one (oh wait, that means double the work, ok no thanks)
3. I should just blog more
4. Maybe I’ve shared too much personal information
5. But then again, what else would I write about, I’m an artist at heart, we inject our feelings into everything we do.
6. Maybe I do blog about love, or the lack of it… I guess I’ll have to take a few to think about that.
So today was another day dedicated to my work with my Arropa organization, again, I’m home and it’s hard to get back to my daily routine as I’ve got way too much on my mind.
It’s hard you know, I sit here in my nice home, I’m drinking a $3 bottle of aloe vera, TV on, working away on my computer and suddenly it clicks… i’m a rich person, I live in luxury…
You see, today together with Gail Nystrom of the Humanitarian Foundation I visited one of the biggest slums in Costa Rica (yes, another one) called La Carpio.
Gail has been helping this area for the past 18 years and her days consist of helping and providing families with whatever she can give.
The Humanitarian Foundation has done wonders there, they have community centres and even a women’s clinic, Gail drives up and down the muddy roads helping people with their needs, passing out condoms to the younger boys and organizing workshops for women.
In the community centres the children come and go, they play games, read and do many Montessori activities.
In the back women create souvenirs and bags made out of recycled milk cartons and coffee bags… a source of income for the Foundation.
The task of the day was to help a family who’s house burned down a few days ago, a family of 6 that lost everything in the fire and where living on a borrowed piece of land.
On the drive up Gail brought along a little boy from the centre, a scruffy little 5 year old man who couldn’t talk but screamed in excitement when he knew he’d be taking a ride in the car.
According to Gail he was born a normal boy but constantly had seizures.
After the doctors failed to help out the family with the boy he had one final seizure, a stroke and is now a special needs child with a beautiful look in his eyes and his t-shirt full of drool.
He kept us company throughout the morning and he’d find any opportunity to steal a hug here and there or hold your hand to get around without falling in the muddy dirt.
When we finally found the family we wanted to help… (and I tear up when I get to this part), I walked into their place on my own as Gail had to find a way to get the car through the dirt roads to get it close enough.
I was greeted by a little beautiful 2 year old girl with a golden smile, she’d never seen me before but grabbed my hand and lead me in through the “door” which was made out of old pieces of fabric.
There are just no words to explain the living conditions in that space.
No way in the world could I have ever asked them if I could take a photo, the smell, dirt, must and pee.
Their shack consisted of 4 walls and a small “bathroom” (which is actually a hole in the floor, a luxury in this area) the dirt floor was wet and humid.
They sleep on some borrowed mattresses that are old and smelly, some just a piece of foam with nothing else.
I sat down with Sugely, the mom, very young woman with 4 children (ages 2, 4, 7 and 10), she suffers of Leukemia and recently found a lump on her breast.
Sugely hasn’t been able to see a doctor mostly because her little 2 year old has a brain tumour and every effort she makes to visit a hospital is to get the girl’s medication to avoid seizures.
Now that her house burned down, she lost everything, including the paperwork to take her baby girl back to the hospital to get her pills, this means she needs to start all over again in order to get her back on medication.
The father, he can’t find work and because they have no door on their shack, him and his father take turns to stay up at night to make sure nobody walks in.
When I explained to Sugely and her husband who I was and why I was there, I was trying SO hard not to break down and cry… it’s hard you know, you walk into a situation like that and suddenly all your crappy problems have absolutely no meaning at all anymore.
Whilst Gail brought the car around with the donations I sat on one of the mattresses with the little girl and we played with 2 dirty balls, the hard plastic ones you find in the playground at McDonalds, those were her toys, the only ones.
As much as it felt so rewarding to help this one family there is soooo much more that can be done.
Last but not least, as we were driving out, Gail let me in on a very sad piece of news.
That street we were on, a block away from the main road, it was “The Central Park” of the La Carpio slum, these people actually lived pretty well, I was speechless.
La Carpio sits between two rivers and no matter which one you pick the closer you get to the river, the worse the living conditions are.
This Sunday I’ll be back… but we’ll be heading down to the river.
Before that, I’ll sit here and I will count every one of my blessings and until then, I will keep reminding myself that all those little problems that haunt my mind, they’re not even worth revisiting again.
About a month ago I decided to organize a collection of second hand clothing for poor children.
The donations drive was a success and I’ve been waiting for the opportunity to help pass some of them out.
Today I had the chance to visit to one of the poorest neighbourhoods in Costa Rica, a very large slum area called Alajuelita where thousands of people live in extreme poverty, most of them are children.
The planning was a little surreal, I had to pack the donations in my car and meet with the people of Education Plus, they work with children in these areas to help them stay out of trouble.
We met half way and left my car in an enclosed church as it was not safe for me to drive, or park close to the area.
The instructions: Dress simple, don’t wear jewelry, don’t carry any important documents or money and if you bring a camera, make sure it’s an old one that can easily get lost (or stolen).
The drive into Tejarcillos de Alajuelita was reminder number 1 as to why I decided to embark on this little mission.
Dirt roads up a hilly mountain, the smell of sewage and rubbish is hard to avoid.
Dump trucks barely pick up the rubbish once a month and whilst they do, it sits on the street where it mixes with the water that comes down the hill from people’s bathrooms (those that have one).
The houses, “sticks and stones” as my grandmother would call them, they are not houses, they are not homes, they are slums, small collections of old wood, tin and maybe an odd window that they find thrown somewhere… the floor, non existent, just dirt and mud.
Most of the kids in that area go to a small public school, the local school has 3 shifts in a day so that they can keep up with the vast amount of children in the area.
Some of them waited for us in a small shack, a “community centre” which also serves as a workshop for a couple of men that try to make a living making furniture.
Gerardo, the cutest kid with a huge smile meets us down the path and helps us carry up our bags, the rest sit patiently holding their bibles in the shack where they have a couple of benches where they all crowd up on.
Education Plus holds little bible study sessions for these kids and although I’m not a religious person I just could not stop smiling throughout the whole activity.
The kids, some in uniform, some dressed, some showered and some just barely awake, it was so great to see the effort they make to participate.
Juan Carlos who works with Education Plus, he’s a star, the kids love him, he plays his guitar, gets them to sing, clap, teases them about everything… anything to make them smile.
The morning activities were simple, sing some dsc08454.jpgsongs
and play a game.
The game: Answer questions about last week’s readings and you get to play the “bag game”.
I had no idea what they were on about, I figured that those who answered right would get a little bag of candy or even just a lollipop.
Turns out that the game consists of an old chair, a plastic pitcher and 5 little bean bags… those who answer questions correctly get to throw the bean bags in hopes of getting them into the pitcher.
As simple as the game sounds, the kids loved and kept trying to cheat in order to get a turn at it.
You see, the kids are divided into 5 large groups in the neighbourhood, and with these activities they get points for their group.
The groups with the larger amount of points get to go to special activities like a soccer game or a free lunch, some even just a short trip out of the slum to a cleaner church, one with bathrooms and a concrete floor.
Keith Holder, the man in charge of Education Plus is known to them as “Don Jorge”, an incredibly sweet man that greets every single kid with a handshake or a kiss, they love him, he knows them all, calls them by name, asks them about their life and pats them on the head.
Kids hug him over and over again, show him their new clothes, a new hairdo or even a little cut on the knee.
Keith has been working with these kids for years, he’s seen some of them grow up to be great individuals, and he’s also seen others get into drugs and crime.
Towards the end of the morning, Keith disappeared in the hand of a little girl, he had walked up a bit further into the neighbourhood to talk to a 15 year old girl who recently got a job in a “car wash”… It looks like a car wash from outside but he knows she’s a step away from prostitution because it’s the real business of the place.
He decides to head up to talk to her and her drug addicted mother to let them know that there’s much more to this “car wash” job, all of this in hopes that she takes his advice and tries to find a better job.
As this happens I decided to step out of the shack to get some air where I’m approached by a very drunk man who decides to tell me that his wife gave him shit earlier for looking at me as I walked up the slum into the shack.
Needless to say, I excused myself politely and headed back inside hoping that he’d not follow me and that Juan Carlos would notice and send him off.
I had been reading a lot about these slums but at this point it all hit me, most of these kids grow up in the middle of drugs, prostitution and crime, I was freaked out by one man, they live this every day.
dsc08458.jpgAt the end of the morning, it was time to give out the donations, unfortunately we had very little in their sizes so we had to do our best to have at least one thing for each one.
The boys were quick, if it fits it works… the girls, even if they had a great need for new clothes, they were picky, which I thought was very cute.
5 minutes later the bags were empty and most of the kids were out the door except for a few girls who decided to stick around.
I’m mad at myself for not being able to remember their names, but most of them came up to me and had requests, one wanted a zip up hoodie, another wanted some new shoes for soccer.
They were quick to become friendly, whilst they talked to me they were constantly touching my bag, dusting the dirt of my shirt, combing their fingers through my hair, holding my hands or hugging my leg.
It was hard to walk out of there and not feel that I needed to go back tomorrow.
I was sad, I was frustrated because I knew I needed to take more photos for our website but I didn’t want them to feel that I was only there for today and would never come back.
I wanted to stick around and get to know the kids, give them a hug, but I was getting dirty looks from the women standing outside their doors and I had to make sure I stayed close to Keith and Juan Carlos for the walk back to the car.
As we walked back down the slum I was watching my dirty feet in my flip flops walk over small wooden bridges where sewer water was trickling through, I was sad but I was happy, I was about to burst into tears but thankful for being there.
I was touched, not so much by the children but by the people who do this other than having a normal 9 to 5 job, for people like Keith & Juan Carlos who put their heart and soul into this every single day.
Today, I am certainly humbled, I am thankful and I am ready to work a little more to go back with that hoodie and those new soccer shoes.
I spend way too much time online, between work, life & constant learning I’ve lost touch with the pleasure of holding an old fashioned book in my hands.
So, this is the homework I’ve given myself for the next month (or two!) Please feel free to ask me where I am, it will help me get through them if you hold me to it!
“You Are Here” by Thomas M. Kostigen: In my efforts to be “greener” every day I decided to go vegetarian.
With this book I hope to become more aware about what I do on a daily basis and how it affects our planet.
“Crowdsourcing” by Jeff Howe: Because crowdsourcing is part of a vital change that we are all living right at this moment, I thought this had to be a must read for my work.
“The Smashing Book #2″: I constantly need to push myself to learn more and more about anything and everything in the business, thought this would refresh some stuff and will be good reference too.
“Women, Work & The Art of Savoir Faire” by Mirelle Guiliano: I’ve already started on this one, it reminds me of why I made the change to work from home.
Hopefully it will help me go further and learn a few secrets on how to keep a balance between life and what I do to pay my bills.
Happy reading to me!
[Today is my 40th birthday, I'm far away from home and trying to figure out what life has in store for me.
Between all the Facebook posts and messages, tweets & emails I got a special message from my mom, she attached this poem which she has written herself throughout the years...snif!
Happy Birthday to me!]
I can remember, as a child, how each year seemed an eternity,
In fact, sometime, each day seemed an eternity.
Often, I would while away the hours dreaming about the day I would be 10.
Then one morning, I was suddenly 10,
Somehow it was a magical number, not one but two digits.
I was growing up at last, getting older, but how I longed to be a teenager.
I did not have to wait too long, suddenly I was 13,
Years filled with getting to know who I was and trying to figure out what I wanted to be.
Getting to know that person in the mirror, but how I yearned to be an adult.
Then before I could blink an eye I was 20,
I had made it at last, an adult, my passport to the big league.
The world at my feet, this was my time.
Caught in a whirlwind I was suddenly 30,
Somehow, things seemed to fall into place and make sense.
I was not only an adult, but had the sophistication and flair to go with it, a new world at my feet.
Then before I realized, I was 40,
Getting old, no way, now I could add maturity to my repertoire.
I was someone with style and confidence and new doors to open.
When I reached 50, I was eager to find out what it would bring,
Could there possibly be anything new left in my life.
Grey hair, respect and command, I felt I was just starting to live life all over again.
I still have to wait and see what my 60’s will bring,
However, I am sure it will be full of new adventures.
I can hardly wait!
How old is one . . .
just a figment of our imagination,
As we celebrate each year, each stage brings a new adventure into our lives.
Age a celebration of our own personal journey in life to be savored and enjoyed.
Hi Life,
It’s me Ann.
Remember me?
I live you on a daily basis, the one girl who never never bugs you or asks you for anything.
Just wanted to say hi and tell you that I’m thankful that you’ve given me an amazing life and the gift of my children for which I thank you every single second of the day.
In the past years you’ve given me so much, family, friends, work, a home, food, etc.
I also thank you for that.
So, as you well know, this month i’ll be turning 40 and although I feel just about 30 and am looking forward to this next stage I need to sit down with you and have a little heart to heart chat.
See, there’s some things about you that I just don’t get and as I enter this new stage I need for you to prove me wrong on a few things that keep going around an around in my head.
For starters, I’m just curious, why every time I make the smallest plan you always come and mess it up for me?
I mean, really!?
Is this fun for you, do you get a kick out of it or is there another reason I’m just not getting?
You know me, way back I learned never to look any further than next week but I’ve been trying, I’ve been changing.
Problem is, when I do, you seem to fuck it up every single time…  that’s so not cool man.Then, what’s up with this timing thing?
It either goes too fast, too slow or it’s always the “wrong time”.
Could you at least sometimes reconsider and make the timing right, you know, just for once?
I’d really appreciate it.
Another thing I hate is the way you mess with my head, if reason tells me one thing why do you keep popping other shit into my brain?
Every single time I make the slightest effort to forget and move on you come prancing in reminding me of that which I wish not to be reminded of….
must be great as you don’t have to live in my head!
Oh, and why are most men jerks?
I’m sure many other women ask you this question a lot, but really, why?
They’re either players, dogs, stupid or just plain jerks.
The nicer ones always love another even if that other does not deserve them.
The ones I have truly and profoundly loved either end up hurting me or couldn’t give a shit about the life opportunity they have with me.
And then, all the rest fall into the category of: married, gay, unattractive or ass-hole.
The lessons, yes, most of the days I really, really thank you for those, without them I wouldn’t be me.
But, you know, some lessons you teach me really hurt and I’m kinda getting sick of them.
I get it!! ok?
Is that what you wanted me to say? There, I said it, can we move on now?
So… I think that’s pretty much where I need to be proved wrong, I’m sure I can come up with much more but I think i’ll just stick to these.
I know you’re busy with other stuff, u know, so much crap going on in the world and people who are way worse off than I am.
I’m a good person, I’m a giver, you know that, so can I be just a teeny tiny selfish this one time?
Go ahead life, whenever you’re ready… prove me wrong!
“I was thinking about how disjointedly time seemed to flow, passing in a blur at times, with single images standing out more clearly than others.
And then, at other times, every second was significant, etched in my mind”.
Quote by Stephenie Meyer, Twilight, 2005
(Sitting at home with Greg working together at the dinner table, just spending random time together, beer in hand, good music, laughs, silence, giggles, smiles, perfect…)
You just have to do your own thing, no matter what anyone says.
It’s your life”  ~ Ethan Embry
Life is full of little moments, it’s important that we learn to always stop, take a glance at what’s around us and just enjoy & take it all in.
In April 2010 I flew up to California and did one of the best road trips ever, from San Diego to L.A., Bakersfield up to San Francisco and back down to L.A. down the coastline.
Whilst up in Bakersfield we took some dirt bikes out for the day and rode around the Mojave Desert… it was amazing, the Joshua trees, the never ending trails, the tiny prickly cacti, the big blue sky and the odd wildflowers here and there.
Every now and then we’d come up to a massive pile of rocks, out there, in the middle of nowhere, so unique, so lonely yet so beautiful in their own little space, all grouped up together in a zen-like pile.
Each one so beautiful and so free… as John Dos Passos said – “Individuality is freedom lived”.
When I was younger
I saw my daddy cry
And curse at the wind
He broke his own heart
And I watched
As he tried to reassemble it
And my momma swore that
She would never let herself forget
And that was the day that I promised
I’d never sing of love
If it does not exist
But darling,
You, are, the only exception…
Maybe I know, somewhere
Deep in my soul
That love never lasts
And we’ve got to find other ways
To make it alone
Keep a straight face
And I’ve always lived like this
Keeping a comfortable, distance
And up until now
I had sworn to myself that I’m
Content with loneliness
Because none of it was ever worth the risk
Well, You, are, the only exception
I’ve got a tight grip on reality
But I can’t
Let go of what’s in front of me here
I know you’re leaving
In the morning, when you wake up
Leave me with some kind of proof it’s not a dream
And I’m on my way to believing
Oh, And I’m on my way to believing
Lyrics by Paramore
“Sometimes you really can find that one person who will stand by you no matter what.
Maybe you will find it in a spouse and celebrate it with your dream wedding.
But there’s also the chance that the one person you can count on for a lifetime, the one person who knows you sometimes better than you know yourself is the same person who’s been standing beside you all along.”
1. I’m a British citizen
2. I was born in Darlington, England
3. I grew up in Mexico DF
4. I moved to Costa Rica when I was 10 years old
5. My birth father still lives in Mexico
6. I’m a mom
7. My grandparents married by proxy
8. My favourite childhood doll was Raggedy Ann
9. I was nominated Spring Queen when I was in kindergarden
10.
I collect Shel Silverstein books
11.
I loved reading Paddington books when I was a child
12. I’ve visited every single pyramid in Mexico and Central America
13.
I was a punk when I was 15
14.
As a teen I spent my summers in Wasaga Beach, Canada
15.
I used to weigh the most 100 pounds
16. I’ve been to Guatemala
17. I’ve been to El Salvador
18. I’ve been to Honduras
19. I’ve been to Belize
20. I’ve been to Panama
21. I’m a moody and seasonal reader
22. I used to be a B+ student in high school
23. I’m 5’5
24.
I have I blood brother and 3 half brothers
25.
I have one half sister
26.
I love my brother’s and sisters all just the same
27.
I used to dress as wonder woman when I was 6 and walk around the neighbourhood with my lasso
28.
I never wear earrings
29.
I used to have flat feet
30.
I used to bite my nails
31.
I despise the dentist with a fierce passion
32.
I had nicknames such as skinny, straw, skeleton and reincarnation
33.
I never watch scary movies
34. I’m right handed
35.
My grandma taught me how to eat and cut my meat like a lady
36.
She also taught me how to lay the table properly
37. I am extremely organized
38.
I hate when people touch my stuff and don’t put it back
39.
I hate gossip
40.
I sometimes speak my mind without thinking
41.
I was a little crazy in high school
42.
I graduated from a christian high school
43.
I love chocolate
44.
I suffer from migraines
45.
I suffer from anxiety and panic attacks (never in public)
46.
In the 29 years I’ve been in Costa Rica I have lived in 12 different houses
47.
I used to be a pro gymnast when I was 10
48.
Now I can barely touch my toes
49.
I hate yoga (only because I can’t touch my toes)
50.
I ate one too many cheese and onion sandwiches when I was in high school
51. I’ve lost count of how many boyfriends I’ve had in my life
52.
My first kiss was under a tree in the corner of my street when I was 12
53.
I used to fall in love all too easily (not anymore)
54.
I type VERY fast
55. Spanish and English are both my native languages
56.
I think in English
57. I’m 39
58. I’m a great observer, I see things other people rarely do
59.
I have a scary sixth sense
60. My female intuition never fails me
61.
I married my high school sweetheart
62. I was married for 10 years
63.
I have been divorced for 11 years
64.
I have two kids, Francesca and Kyle
65. Francesca is 19
66. Kyle is 18
67. I’d give my life for my kids
68.
I spent half of my married life on the beach
69.
I love the mountains
70.
I love snow
71.
I giggled like a 4 year old when I saw my first snowflake
72.
We had the first Atari in the neighbourhood
73.
I love Christmas
74.
I studied Fine Arts
75.
I used to paint and draw
76. I’m a frustrated photographer (a better camera would help)
77.
I fell on my back from a second floor when I was 28
78.
As a result of that I have a twisted spine
79.
I hate doing dishes
80. I hate ironing
81.
What number am I on?
82.
I could go on forever
83.
I wish my kids could study abroad
84.
I don’t like latin men
85. I’ve been to Buenos Aires, Argentina
86.
I love fixing things in my house
87.
I have never been jobless in my life
88.
I started working the day after I graduated from high school and never stopped
89. Did I mention that I love my kids?
90.
I love 80′s and 90′s music
91.
I love traveling
92. I’ve been to Florida (many times)
93. I’ve been to Washington DC (twice)
94. I’ve been to Maryland, Virginia & Pennsylvania
95. I’ve been to New York City (and I need to go back again)
96.
I fell in love with the MoMA
97. I’ve been Geocashing in New Jersey & Delaware
98. I’ve been to Michigan
99.
I only hate two people in my life so far
100.
One of my dearest friends died of cancer last year
101.
I still remember when he arrived drunk at my house at 4am with a pate sandwich and chocolate cake
102.
I hate lies
103.
I hate hypocrite people
104.
My heart has been broken one too many times
105.
I’m scared of the ocean
106.
I get VERY dark when I sunbathe
107.
Shit… am I over 100?
108.
I guess I’ll carry on…
109.
I’m scared to have my heart broken one more time
110.
Shopping is the best therapy ever
111.
I have a heart murmur
112.
It gets worse when I’m anxious or sad
113.
When I’m in love, I’m all in (unfortunately)
114.
I love channel surfing on the TV
115.
I miss having my kids around
116.
I like to drive fast
117.
I can be a little proud sometimes (I’m learning…)
118.
I hate when people play around with me
119.
I learned how to drive race cars before I drove a normal car
120.
I’m terrible at telling jokes
121.
I like gadgets
122.
I’ve kissed 2 boys in one day
123.
I have a terrible memory (which is making this very difficult!)
124.
My pinkie toe nail is incredibly tiny
125.
I have tiny hands
126.
I love Sushi
127.
I’ve been to Las Vegas (four times)
128.
I’ve been to Colorado (three times)
129. I’ve snowboarded Vail, Breckenridge and Keystone
130. I’ve done a fishing road trip through Nebraska and Wyoming
131.
I’ve been to Utah
132.
I’ve been to Arizona
133.
I’ve been to Texas
134.
I’ve been to Toronto many times and I’d love to live there someday
135.
I’m an amazing cook (It runs in the family…)
136.
I love Thai and Indian food
137.
I would love to become a vegetarian
138.
My kids mean everything to me
139.
I don’t smoke
140.
I’m a very affectionate person
141.
I don’t take rejection very well
142.
I love road trips, the more spontaneous, the better
143.
I would love to have a camper
144.
Sometimes I talk too much
145.
I’ve been to California where I drove from L.A. to Bakersfield, up to San Francisco and back down the coastline to Laguna Beach
146.
I fell in love with San Francisco
147.
I’ve been to Alberta, Canada
148.
I want to live in Alberta
149.
I’m a slow eater
150.
I’m tired….
So yesterday I had one of those strange little moments… I was home alone (as usual), just sitting at my table working away with the TV going on in the background.
Earlier I had hit the mall quickly with my son and he left me craving for a hamburger.
So anyway, off to the drive-thru I went to get myself a Quarter Pounder (yum!) and just headed back home to chill and watch a movie… enjoy it as I should!
Suddenly, as I arranged my fries and picked out the pickles from the middle of the burger I realized that Dylan was not there to eat them… I got all sad and melancholic.
They say life is about the little things, and maybe they’re right, Dylan’s habit of always eating my pickles is one of those little things that we have, you know, the kind that you just do and it makes the other smile.
For someone like me who’s forced herself to be single for a long time… a silly moment like this made me realize something… – holy crap I’m in love with this guy!
Or maybe it was the moon… they do say that the moon affects your mood, what could a Winter Solstice lunar eclipse do to me then?
According to common astrology, it will bring me financial gain… hhhmmm, love or financial gain?
I’ll take the love any day!
“There is a privacy about it which no other season gives you….
In spring, summer and fall people sort of have an open season on each other; only in the winter, in the country, can you have longer, quiet stretches when you can savor belonging to yourself.”
A few weeks ago I was sitting at the hospital in Downtown Calgary.
Trying to stay away from an old man who kept walking up and down farting I moved over to a hallway with one chair and table full of old newspapers.
I reached out for business section of The Globe and Mail to keep myself busy… not that I was at all interested in reading anything Business-related.
Funny enough I found a great article called “Fred Rogers and the honest approach”.
For those who did not grow up in Canada (Not that I did but I happen to know), Fred Rogers hosted a children’s show called Mister Roger’s Neighbourhood sometime close to the 70′s all the way up to 2001.
The Mr. Roger’s show was characterized by its quiet low-key simplicity and gentleness, the episodes did not have a plot and they revolved around Fred Rogers speaking directly to the the viewers about many issues such as music, crafts, friends, etc.
Now according to Harvey Schachter (author of this article I found), Mister Roger’s Neighbourhood was the antithesis of today’s marketers as he taught us five important lessons that we could apply to our marketing strategies.
1. Relationships are more important than flashiness: Yes Roger’s show was dull, he was an old man with a theme song who had conversations with his young audience.
Yet, according to Schachter, “I don’t remember ever feeling bored when spending time with Mister Rogers, because he replaced that flashiness by building an honest relationship with his viewers”.
In other words, Mister Roger’s addressed our concerns and nothing more.
Great lesson!
2. Don’t promise more intimacy than you can deliver: In one episode, Mister Rogers looked into the camera and said “I’ve really enjoyed talking with you this week.
I hope I have answered a few of the questions you’ve had.
I really wish I could know each and ever one of you personally, but unfortunately this television show is the only way we have to talk.
If you have other questions that I haven’t answered, find someone you love and who loves you in your own life and ask them”.
Wow, certainly a ver honest statement.
This reminds us that companies just cannot have a personal relationship with all of their customers, even in the days of social media.
Schachter points out that we should recognize that reality.
Lesson?
Demonstrate approachability but also be honest about the limits, lest customers be disappointed.
3. Be consistent in who you are, and what people should expect: Mister Rogers ran from 1968 to 2001 and in reruns until 2008.
Nothing about the show ever changed, his approach and manner always remained the same.
This is hard to do, with all the pressure to respond to every cultural swing, be it within our own companies or on tv.
Mister Roger’s was not hip, he listened to the gentle hum of ‘slow culture change’ and he made sure his show remained relevant for decades.
4. Customers’ questions are worth answering: Mister Rogers answered everybody’s questions, none were too trivial or too painful to be addressed.
He took his viewers seriously!
Lesson… companies must do the same with their customers.
5. Brands can take a stand: Fred Rogers once spoke to the U.S Senate opposing budget cuts, he also openly supported “home recorded” television against media industries when they tried to block the spread of the Betamax.
Rogers did this in a calm and respectful manner without ever hurting his trademark.
The final lesson?
“Brands too often shy away from supporting something”, “or else, when they do, their ’causes’ are disjointed from the work the company does and what they stand for”.
After all, a long wait in the Spine Clinic in downtown Calgary turned into a great Marketing lesson given by, no other than Fred Rogers himself.
“Something in your eyes
Makes me want to lose myself
Makes me want to lose myself
In your arms
There’s something in your voice
Makes my heart beat fast
Hope this feeling lasts
The rest of my life
If you knew how lonely my life has been
And how long I’ve felt so low
If you knew how I wanted someone to come along
And change my life the way you’ve done”
Looking back, way back and a little further… I realize, life has really been good to me in all shapes and forms.
I realize that I’ve been lucky, I’ve pretty much reached every single goal I’ve set, I’ve loved and been loved, I’ve lived and traveled.
The best moments are still yet to come.
I’ve…….
Walked Washington DC from beginning to end, twice.
Walked the Museum of Modern Art in New York for five hours
Visited Niagara Falls and CN Tower in many occasions
Swam at the hidden waterfalls at the peak of Rincon de la Vieja Volcano in Costa Rica
Did a fishing trip through Nebraska and down through Wyoming
Watched the Sea Lions play and rest on the shores of California
Walked Chinatown in New York, Toronto and San Francisco
Ate a platter of yummy crab legs on a dock in Baltimore, Maryland
Walked in and back out of the crater at the Turrialba Volcano in Costa Rica
Got lost in the fog on Georgian Bay at night walking in the lake
Drove across Bay Bridge and Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco
Walked downtown of Salt Lake City, Utah
Visited the tomb of an ancient Indian chief and antique shops in the countryside of Delaware
Drove down the windy road of Lombard Street in San Francisco
Did geocashing in New Jersey and found the largest icicle ever
Walked the Barra Honda caves in Nicoya, Costa Rica
Walked at sunset with my feet in the water at Laguna Beach, California
Slow danced on the deck of the Detroit Princess at sunset over the Detroit River
Rode a dirt bike inside the Mojave Desert, Red Rock Canyon and Sequoya National Forest in California
Walked the streets of Las Vegas 4 times, attractions and parties included
Rode the California coastline from San Francisco to Los Angeles down through Big Sur
Snowboarded Breckenridge, Vail and Keystone in Colorado
Rode through fields of cacti in search of snow in Arizona
Walked the streets of Buenos Aires, Argentina
Stood at the famous Loveland Pass in Colorado
Walked the whitest beaches and the colorful streets of the Art Deco District in Florida
Did a long weekend drive down from Toronto to Maryland
Kayaked the lake at the Arenal Volcano, Costa Rica
Visited every single Aztec pyramid from Guatemala to Mexico
Did a family road trip with my parents around Central America, from Costa Rica to Nicaragua, El Salvador, Belize, Guatemala and Honduras
Walked the beautiful hills of Park City, Utah
Climbed the pyramid of the Sun and of the Moon in Mexico
Visited the oldest cowboy bar in Prescott, Arizona
Snowmobiled the Rocky Mountains in Colorado
Had relaxing drinks at the top of the GM tower in Detroit, Michigan
Walked every single dock in downtown San Francisco, California
Walked the streets of London and Manchester in the UK with a short illegal stop at a local pub
Visited the German town of Frankenmuth in Detroit
But best of all, I’ve had the love and the company of 2 great people in my life: my kids… absolutely nothing beats that!
:)
“I love that you get cold when it is 71 degrees out.
I love that it takes you an hour and a half to order a sandwich.
I love that you get a little crinkle in your nose when you’re looking at me like I’m nuts.
I love that after I spend day with you, I can still smell your perfume on my clothes.
And I love that you are the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night.
And it’s not because I’m lonely, and it’s not because it’s New Year’s Eve.
I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.”
My city’s still breathing (but barely it’s true)
through buildings gone missing like teeth.
The sidewalks are watching me think about you,
sparkled with broken glass.
I’m back with scars to show.
Back with the streets I know.
Will never take me anywhere but here.
The stain in the carpet, this drink in my hand,
the strangers whose faces I know.
We meet here for our dress-rehearsal to say “I wanted it this way”
wait for the year to drown.
Spring forward, fall back down.
I’m trying not to wonder where you are.
All this time lingers, undefined.
Someone choose who’s left and who’s leaving.
Memory will rust and erode into lists of all that you gave me:
a blanket, some matches, this pain in my chest,
the best parts of Lonely, duct-tape and soldered wires,
new words for old desires,
and every birthday card I threw away.
I wait in 4/4 time.
Count yellow highway lines that you’re relying on to lead you home.
