Mt Gambier is a beautiful city at the south-east corner of South Australia near the border with Victoria.
Locally the region is called the Limestone Coast obviously because of the volcanic nature of the area and the subsequent limestone deposits.
We had never been here before, so it was lovely to visit and see all the beautiful gardens and the main features related to the city's volcanic history.
At the edge of the city is the Blue Lake, an ancient volcanic opening which is now filled with beautiful blue water ... the town's drinking supply.
Underneath the city is a vast system of caverns, and waterways, many of which are frequented by scuba divers who explore the caves.
On the surface are numerous sink holes where the tops of caves have collapsed creating holes of varying depths.
Several of these have been turned into public parks with chairs, tables, and free gas barbecues.
There are dozens of walking paths around the city and nearby areas.
It's truly a lovely part of South Australia, but unfortunately, in November (southern hemisphere Spring) it's still chilly, so it's obviously a cooler place unsuited to dry, hot weather people like us.
Click on the photo strip to see the following examples of Mt Gambier, with a description of each from the top down:
A park at the edge of the Blue Lake has a block of limestone with a small solution tube (water and acid eat through the limestone leaving a circular hole)
Christina stands at one of the viewing platforms erected in the 1800s
The Blue Lake taken from a lookout some kilometres away
Inside the Umpherstine sink hole which is now a public recration area
Looking into the Umpherstine Sink Hole
Bottle brush flowers are plentiful in the Umpherstine Sink Hole Park
A possum lives in a cave at Umpherstine Sink Hole and is obviously accustomed to visitors of the two legged variety
Today is our last day at Mt Gambier and we had for the Coorong before going to Adelaide and then back up the Stuart Highway to Alice Springs.
Tourist brochures tell us that Bendigo and the nearby Heathcote Regions of Victoria are among the fastest growing areas in the state.
The local population is around 100,000 which probably doesn't mean much to those of you in Mumbai or Mexico city, or perhaps in Indonesia.
Between 1850 and 1900 Bendigo mines produced more gold than any other place in the world, about nine billion dollars worth.
But now the mining era has been and gone and all that are left are the stories of immigrants who became millionaires overnight and the remnants such as the poppet head in the photo at left.
I've visited Bendigo several times previously, the most recent perhaps 15 years ago and have always found it a pleasant, nice place to be, although prone to cold weather; I wouldn't want to live here.
Among the many things to do at Bendigo are:
1. do an underground mine tour of the Central Deborah Gold Mine which is situated within the city area (strange to see a poppet head sticking out from the suburban streets)
2. go for a trip on the Bendigo Tramways' "talking train"
3. visit the Bendigo Pottery and watch a wheel thrown pottery demonstration as an expert potter shows how easy it is to transform a lump of damp clay into a work of art
4. visit the Chinese Museum and cultural centre and associated gardens
5. follow a map to visit many of the very old buildings that date back to the early days of Bendigo's settlement
If none of these appeals to you, there are plenty of pubs, a nightclub, restaurants, shops and other things to do here.
There is an excellent tourist information centre here with dozens of brochures, maps and stuff to buy.
Although we don't by any "tourist stuff" anymore, Christina and I found it nice walking through the beautiful parks and gardens and around the route covering the old buildings (even grey nomads need exercise).
Many of the tree varieties here eg, Dutch elm and oak are not found in Central Australia, as are many of the flowers and shrubs, so it's uplifting to walk among them and admire their beauty, depth of foilage and the birdlife they attract.
We stopped at a business which is a coffee shop, restaurant and bar and had a cup of coffee and garlic bread with three accompanying dips.
Fortunately, we only bought one to share as it was huge and one each would have been simply too much.
We are finding more and more now that serving sizes have become inordinately large, so it's common for us to buy one meal and share it.
After all, every calorie counts!
We've been on the caravan trail in Victoria, Australia now for almost four weeks and I never realised exactly how popular an activity it is.
Even in the chill of our southern Spring.
Every caravan park we have been to has had a large number of happy caravaners, RVers, people in tents and of course those who book cabins.
The standard of caravan parks has been impressive.
All we have been to have had good amenities including play equipment or rooms for kids, barbecues, swimming pools, and other facilities like "jumping pillows".
While the travelling caravan population consists mainly of older, retired or near-retirement-age travellers, there are also younger families with pre-school age children having a few days holiday.
Also, we have noticed that there are groups of "clubbers" ie, people with a common interest who are travelling together.
At Marong (20 km from Bendigo) where we are at present, there is a group of Jaycar caravaners who are members of a Probus Club.
Apparently their group travels to a different town every three months to meet other regional Probus Club members and socialise.
Way to go!
Given that our current nightly rate is $27 AUD, it's a much cheaper option to caravan than to be paying rent or perhaps a mortgage.
This amount includes use of amenities, water and power although if you want to do your clothes washing, usually you have to pay for use of the equipment.
We have a small Lamair on-board top loading washing machine, so we haven't had to pay for anything additional.
Marong Caravan Park has about 30 caravans here at present.
Given that there are thousands of caravan parks about around this huge country of ours, I can only guess that there must be tens of thousands of people travelling from place to place at any time of the day.
Today we are off to Bendigo to take in the local sights.
When you buy a caravan and head off into the great Australian towns, the lower level duties still have to be done ... it's not all beer and skittles.
For example, the caravan has to be swept, you still need to wash clothes (although ironing isn't a priority), prepare food, wash dishes, and now, empty the chemical toilet.
The latter is a new role for me.
As I contemplated emptying our toilet capsule, I recalled the expression, "Rooster one day, feather duster the next".
Although as head lecturer of prisoner education and in other positions I had never considered myself a big shot (or a rooster), I was well above emptying toilets other than that act with which we are all accustomed ... pushing the flushing button and letting physics take over.
Well, our shiny new caravan has a chemical toilet capsule.
For those unfamiliar with them, I won't go into detail, but the capsule is self-contained and can be removed in one piece from the caravan and taken to a dump point and ... yes, you guessed it, the contents can be dumped.
My mate Michael Dougall just had to accompany me and take some "action photography" of me extracting the toilet canister, towing it to the dump site and dumping its contents.
Fortunately, as you'll see in the photos, the capsule has an extending handle and can be towed like a travel bag.
(The mind boggles and it lends another dimension to the expression, "taking the piss")
From this experience I have promulgated Caravaners' Rule One: If someone else provides a toilet, you never, ever use your own.
Remember that rule if you become a caravaner.
You're right, they probably have nothing much in common except when they don't work.
Despite the Blue Sky Caravan company's four hour quality control process, gremlins got into our Sharp microwave and shower tap.
The former didn't work no matter how hard we tried and the shower tap leaked as soon as we turned on the water supply.
Much to their credit, I telephoned Bellerine Caravans and they arranged for us to tow the caravan to the Blue Sky Caravan factory north of Melbourne to have repairs made.
The microwave was replaced and the tap fixed.
When we ordered our caravan many months back, I gave no thought to needing a sullage hose that is required to get rid of shower and sink water.
Why would I think of such trivia?
Here's where mate Michael's experience came in.
He gave me a heads-up about needing to buy a sullage hose, which I did as part of our set-up purchase.
I bought an expensive flexible, black rubber hose 25mm in diameter which rolls flat into a special container for storage.
All I had to do to use it was to buy a fitting to connect the 25mm hose to the 40mm discharge pipe underneath the caravan.
In the photo you can see the "gaggle" of plumbing bits that went into getting it up and running.
It cost about $18 for connections to come up with a solution.
Why am I telling you this?
Well, one day you may buy a caravan and you'll need to know all there is to know about sullage hoses.
We'd spent a week or so at Keynton in Victoria and another few days with friends at Geelong waiting patiently to collect our caravan.
It was something akin to being a kid and waiting for Father Christmas to slide down the chimney.
There'd been a few days delay in pick up, but it gave us a little longer to get our Toyota Prada 4WD fitted with a dual battery pack, electric braking system and tow bar preparatory to hooking up the van.
We did that at ARB Geelong where the service was excellent and we also bought a set of load distribution or stabilizer bars.
At almost $4,000 it was a tad more expensive than I had imagined, although we knew the work had to be done and we had budgeted for it.
Although we'd brought a lot of cutlery and equipment from home (a car full in fact), there was a lot more we had to buy.
Another $500 for wheel chocks, sullage and fresh water hoses, tent pegs, extension mirrors for the car and so on and we were ready to collect the van.
Because we had too much stuff for the one car, our friends came to the Bellarine Caravan site with us and brought some of it with them.
Our van, which we had seen a week earlier, was waiting patiently for us all shiny and new with a "new everything" smell inside.
If only someone could can that smell, they could make a fortune.
Graham, one of the caravan people gave us a tour of the caravan and explained all the ins and outs ... how to erect the TV antenna, how to lock the  ventilation hatches, turn the water heater to gas, put chemicals into the toilet, all the time giving helpful hints and tips that would make our life as Nomad Caravaners all the more interesting and less challenging.
That took almost an hour.
At about that time it began to rain.
Next I had to hook the van up to the Prado.
Staff member, Dave brought a bag of tools over and showed me how to set up the Hayman Reese towing equipment complete with stabiliser bars, once again advising me of the safety tips and traps.
I stood there with an umbrella as it rained quite heavily for most of the time.
When it was all connected, we set up the extension mirrors and although I could hardly see anything in the rear vision mirror, we drove out of the caravan site and up the Ballarat Highway in late afternoon traffic.
We had planned to travel only 15 km to a caravan park to stay for a day or two and get set up.
Also, our friends were picking up a Blue Sky caravan the same as ours and theirs was to be delivered the next day.
We arrived at the El Dorado Tourist Park on Ballarat Road and fortunately were allocated a drive-through site.
(I'm yet to practise the reversing!).
As it was still raining quite heavily, friends Michael and Gayle suggested we leave the van and return home with them and stay overnight.
For that we were very thankful and although we were looking forward to sleeping in our new mobile home, realised it would have been a disaster trying to set up in
the rain.
The next day we went back after the rain had stopped and spent a day or so finding spaces for socks, cutlery and getting all the other things settled in.
We spent the first night in our caravan and as we were both exhausted went to sleep early and slept comfortably.
Michael and Gayle joined us in their Blue Sky van which they were fortunate enough to pick up on a rain free day.
Damn ... some people have all the luck.
Next post, I'll tell you about the things that didn't go well and how lucky we are to have experienced friends to help show us the ropes of caravaning.
Having retired from the workforce, this week Christina and I head off to Geelong in Victoria to pick up our new Blue Sky Caravan on 14 Sep 12.
It will look similar to that shown in the photo at left and promises to be an interesting experience.
Neither of us has had much to do with caravans.
We have a lot to learn about life on the road with our fellow "Grey Nomads" of whom there are apparently almost 70,000.
That is, at any one time, 70,000 people are travelling here and there in caravans.
Fortunately Australia is a large country with plenty of room and roads.
The caravan weighs just over 2,000 kg and is within the 3,000 kg towing capacity of our Toyota Prado turbo-diesel 4 wheel drive.
We have to learn the art of carrying only what we need and not what we think we need so that we don't overload the caravan or the car.
We have a collection of plastic and melamine plates, cups and wine glasses etc.
Now I have to learn all about gross vehicle mass, ball weight and how to drive safely pulling a caravan.
Given that so many other people can do it and they can't all be professional truck drivers, I'm sure I'll get there.
Reversing into caravan parks and maintaining the caravan are also skills that we will both need to learn.
And then of course, we have to learn to live together 24/7 in such a small place.
A tad smaller than our house!
Our first touring stint will be around the southern parts of New South Wales and in Victoria as we check out all the equipment, fittings etc of the van.
We want to remain close to Geelong just in case we have to return to have warranty matters repaired.
It's a long way to Geelong from Alice Springs.
We plan to return home in mid-November and take off for Western Australia in May next year.
I will be posting updates on where we are and what we are doing and hopefully some interesting commentary about parts of Victoria and neighbour state New South Wales.
Keep your eye on our blog if you are interested in learning about our travels.
On Friday, 29 June 2012 I walked out of the front gate of the Alice Springs Correctional Centre for the last time.
Well, I hope it will have been the last time.
After three years and exactly one month working as Head Lecturer Prisoner Education, I've retired or refocused or commenced transition to retirement.
I'm not really sure which.
It's not the first time I've retired.
When I returned to Australia in July 2008 after a wonderful three years at Al Ain in the United Arab Emirates, I didn't have a job and decided I really didn't want one.
Unfortunately, I wasn't mentally or physically geared up to do nothing after having worked fairly hard for so long.
By June 2009 I had become bored and as I couldn't find a part time job that would pay me anything worthwhile ... one firm offered me $10 per hour for 20 hours per week, I applied for the advertised position of Head Lecturer Prisoner Education and the rest is now history.
Working at the Correctional Centre was often frustrating, but any sense of frustration was compensated for by the wonderful people I worked with and the salary was excellent too.
With the experience of my last retirement behind me, now I have a totally different outlook on retirement which I prefer to call refocusing.
I plan to continue a small amount of work through my Desert Wave Enterprises business mainly to keep my brain going and to maintain links with people.
I also have an associated blog, Working Smarter to update Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Each day has a compulsory exercise component built in; Tuesdays, Fridays and Sundays it's nine holes of golf at the beautiful Alice Springs Golf Club.
Non-golf days are bicycling days ... anaerobic and aerobic exercise should be well covered in all of that.
Then of course, there is the housework, house maintenance, gardening, reading, chilling out with grandson Tory and sipping coffee at the Todd Mall.
I really don't know how I had time to go to work.
My wife Christina is still working 0.6 equivalent full time hours as a midwife but plans to revert to casual employment status in August, just before we travel to Geelong in Victoria to pick up our new Blue Sky caravan.
It's all happening for us in the Henry family.
Robin
PS: If you know anyone who needs proofreading, copywriting or other business communication services, send them to me ... I have plenty of time.
We've been at Bali now for six days and as we settle in tonight, we look forward to a day of complete silence and relative inactivity tomorrow, as it is Nyepi Day.
I'd never heard of it before, even during my 45 year long study of religious mythology, but it's a Hindu day of silence during which Hindus meditate and focus on their deities etc.
While everyone keeps quiet, it is hoped that the evil spirits will think nobody is home and therefore avoid doing bad things.
It's obviously an important festival for Hindus who get dressed up in their traditional finest and arrange processions etc.
All over Bali are Hindu temples included temples built and used by groups of people in an area eg, family temples.
An example is at left all done up for Nyepi Day.
Bali fortunately, is a non-muslim part of Indonesia, which is predominately muslim.
The muslim warriors invaded hundreds of years ago and took over.
Those who survived the murderous onslaught didn't want to live under the sword of Islam, so they moved to Bali and surrounding islands which have a population of about 3.7 million.
As seems to be the way with Islam, the violence continues and during the first couple of days we were here, the Indonesian Police had a shoot out with three orthodox muslims who had been planning to kill Western tourists.
Thankfully, the police won this round, but as the evidence from all over the planet suggests, it's far from the end of civilisation's war against Islam.
Everything here is inexpensive by Australian standards, with the sole exception of wines and spirits.
No doubt this is a key reason why so many Australians visit.
That and the short, inexpensive air travel required to get here.
We thought we were probably the only Australians who hadn't visited, so that was the main reason we are here now ... didn't want to be left behind.
The locals are nice, friendly people who are obviously accustomed to high numbers of tourists coming and going.
The population seems very young which means that in 40-60 years the Indonesian Government will have a huge challenge providing old-age, medical and palliative facilities for the aged population.
I wonder whether they are planning for that at present.
Those working in the up-market shops are immaculately dressed and I saw more than a few stunningly beautiful young ladies, a couple of whom sold us some goods eg, a bottle of men's after shave that I probably didn't really need.
Those in the shops lining local streets are not as impressively dressed, but clean and tidy and there are so many little businesses, I don't know how everyone manages to make a living, but they obviously survive.
The traffic in Bali, as in many other countries is legendary.
Need I say there are billions of scooters and motorbikes, some of which move up to five people and weave in and out of the traffic.
I'm only guessing, but I imagine the traffic incident injury and death rate is probably pretty high.
It's rained a great deal since we arrived, but we managed to do a full day tour of a volcano, coffee plantation, silver shop, and batik industry business, all of which were hard-sell operations (of course!).
Having lived in the Middle East, we know all about pressure selling, dodgy deals and have learnt the art of ignoring people despite our inate propensity to do otherwise.
We move to Candi Dasa on Saturday for our last week and I'll post another blog about that towards the end of the week.
We travelled to Adelaide, 1500 km from Alice Springs during February to visit the Caravan and Camping Outdoor Adventure Show and to source a new caravan.
It's well known that there are deals at the shows that strip thousands off prices.
The trip down takes two days if you don't drive for 15h straight, part of which is during hours of darkness.
Strange things happen in the dark; kangaroos appear in front of you and at 130 km/hr, it doesn't take long to spread one across your front bull bar.
Get a really big one and although your bull bar might survive, they often smash into your windscreen, destroy your lighting or buckle some of your bodywork.
So we drive for eight or nine hours and take a break at a motel enroute.
We stayed at a large and very comfortable caravan and camping site at West Beach and our friends Michael and Gayle flew in from Melbourne to spend a few days with us.
They stayed at a cabin nearby and we went to the Caravan Show and other venues together ... had a great time.
Here's a photo of Chris at the cabin in which we stayed.
Our trusty Toyota Prado turbo-diesel is at the front.
You can see what we have for a "bull" bar.
I'd really hate to hit a bull with it!
But it handles most kangaroos quite well.
On our return journey I almost hit an eagle.
It was eating the carcass of a kangaroo (road kill as they are referred to) and as it was surrounded by hawks, I didn't see it.
I was doing about 120 km/hr and when I passed it took off and almost collected the bull bar before veering left and up and missed hitting us by inches.
Because their wing spans are so long and they are so big, they take a while to get airborne.
When I see them, I usually slow down, but on this occasion it was almost curtains for the eagle.
On the return journey we stopped to take a photo of the sun against the clouds somewhere along the Stuart Highway in the Woomera Rocket Range.
I've found it's always difficult to get a shot of the sun setting or rising ... the photo never quite seems to capture the majesty.
But this was different and looks glorious.
Where would we be without our friend the sun?
As we cruised through South Australia towards Coober Pedy where we stayed overnight at a motel that is higher rated than it should be, we saw some more interesting signage.
I was a bit taken aback to think that a government body would produce signs like these, but then I recalled from my business education training how important it is to talk to people in the language they understand.
Although it has several connotations, most Australians understand the term "wanker".
So there we were rolling north along the highway when we spotted this sign.
I just had to pull up and take a shot.
I recall thinking that if it kept me safe from wanker drivers, then it was well worth it.
Ultimately, our trip was most enjoyable with a dinner at a Chinese restaurant, lunch at the Ramsgate Hotel, Henley Beach, shopping trips to Ikea and the Marion Shopping Centre which is huge.
Chris even conned me into doing a 20km trip to visit the Spotlight shop which is a quilting, dressmaking type of place.
Talk about boring, but being a dutiful husband, I did the right thing and suffered in silence.
Next blog I will place a couple of photographs of the caravan we have ordered.
Our new temporary home as we cruise around this lovely country.
Most of us who live at Alice Springs agree; you have to get out of the place at least for a week or two every year.
Why?
Because The Alice is a small, isolated township (Population 25,000), with limited retail opportunities and the sights, although beautiful, are visible 24/7/365.
We simply need an occasional change of scenery, climate, and some retail therapy.
When you go to the "Big Smoke" there are many more retail opportunities, some different sights and sometimes the beach.
The nearest beach to Alice Springs is at Adelaide 1500 km away, so it's not a weekend run, but okay for a week or so.
This week we are visiting Adelaide for two reasons; to visit the annual Caravan, Four Wheel Drive and Camping show and also to have a break from the rigours of work and sameness of Central Australia.
The drive down the Stuart Highway can be fairly monotonous, especially when you've done it a couple of hundred times.
You spend hours just watching the same type country flick by at 130 km/hr in the Territory and 110 km/hr once over the South Australian border.
On this trip, I thought I'd focus on some of the signage and a bit of geographical/historical background for readers ... something a little different.
The northern or outback parts of South Australia are known to be part of the driest state in Australia.
Much of the land mass is covered by salt lakes and the high salt concentration excludes in some places and limits in others, the type of vegetation.
The rectangular shaped state can be divided into three distinct parts.
The southern third, much of which is is a green belt with good tree and grass growth and where most of the population lives.
The capital city of South Australia, Adelaide is in this area.
From Port Augusta north, the land has fewer trees and growth and much of it is what we call gibber plains (flat plains with rocks lying across the top).
North of Coober Pedy (these are very approximate descriptors) there are thousands of square kilometres of short, native trees that get by on small amounts of water.
Coober Pedy is world renowned for its opal fields and also some other recent mining ventures which I am told are copper mines under development.
It's a dry, dusty place with a thriving population of miners and public administrators.
Many of the residents live underground and there are several underground hotels/motels that tourists flock to for the experience.
Further south and east of Pimba is Roxby Downs and one of Australia's uranium mines.
In the middle of the gibber plains exists a huge area of Commonwealth (government owned) land that forms the Woomera Rocket Range (a woomera is a stick used by Aborigines to help add distance to their spear throwing).
During the Fifties our friends the British exploded at least one nuclear bomb in the area irradiating a large area and a few Aborigines who had missed being gathered beforehand.
The land is still radioactive and therefore declared as a Prohibited Area by law.
Thousands of rockets were fired all about the place as the Defence Department tested them.
Some of the infrastructure is still left standing.
Strangely, as you drive along the Stuart Highway you find that a part of it has been turned into a runway for the Royal Flying Doctor Service aircraft to land and take off, presumably to meet ambulances carrying injured from traffic incidents.
Most traffic incidents are roll-overs when people doze off at the wheel.
In an effort to counter people driving for extended periods, nice little stopping places are provided by the governments.
Some have toilets, sheltered covers and water and a few barbecues.
At the end of day, groups of caravaners stop for the night and sit about sipping merlot and pina colado ... or maybe tea and coffee.
Double click on the photo strip at left to see a few things I saw enroute.
Tomorrow is Australia Day, the day in 1788 when the British Navy fleet of 11 ships landed in what is now called Botany Bay near Sydney, New South Wales.
I've often tried to imagine what it must have felt like to have been sent from your homeland to travel for months to some part of the world about which nobody knew very much at all.
If things turned bad at any part of the voyage, it wasn't as if you could jump on the next Emirates airplane and head home within hours.
Many of those who arrived in Australia would never have seen their homeland again.
There were no houses, no hospitals, no schools, just three million odd square miles of native scrub and of course the original inhabitants, the First Australians who had arrived from Africa thousands of years earlier.
It could have been the Japanese, Dutch, Portugese, French or perhaps a handful of other nations' people that arrived to take over Terra Australis.
Whoever it was would no doubt have created the same negative impact on the native occupants, but we are indeed fortunate that our roots are British.
From the "Old Country" we inherited a robust system of law, democracy and governance that has served us well for the past 200 years and will serve us well for a bit longer until it is subsumed by a foreign totalitarian regime that is working to undermine Australian values as I write.
Our failing is that we are too democratic and too nice.
The British flag (Union Jack) on our flag shows our roots; the Southern Cross the star pattern visible in the Southern Hemisphere.
The Federation Star, directly below the Union Jack has a point for each of our States and a point for the two Territories, the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory.
For the first time in years we have nothing planned for tomorrow, but when we wake up we will no doubt have a breakfast of fruit juice, pikelets, golden syrup, coffee, and reflect on how very fortunate we are to have been born Australian.
We had a very pleasant Christmas Day 2011, with the sole exception that our grandson Tory wasn't with us.
Had he been present, it would have been a spectacular day.
However, as I cooked roast lamb, chicken and pork in our backyard barbecue amid a 39C temperature, I couldn't help but ponder how inappropriate many of the traditions brought to Australia by our English forefathers were in our climate.
Roast dinner in the Central Australian heat?
I wonder.
With the rather hot outside temperature and lack of breeze, we decided to have lunch inside in airconditioned luxury.
Around midday we untabbed our first cans of beer and blew the cork off a bottle of Moet Champagne for the women.
(Real men don't drink campagne ... and it tastes terrible too).
The meat was cooked to perfection, but some of the vegetables were slightly overdone.
Not to worry, we managed to have a lovely feast from about 2 pm and topped off the roast, vegetables and salads with two different types of cheese cake.
Nobody complained about the food.
Friends Tina and Vivek had also contributed some Indian food, some of which, because I can never recall the name which sounds something like the politically incorrect gollywog, I call mystery bags.
Whatever they are called, they are very tasty and usually come with an equally tasty sauce.
Incredibly, my total alcohol intake for the day was two cans of beer (1 x 500ml, the other 375ml) and a large glass of red wine.
I can't recall a time in the last few decades when I have consumed so little at Christmas.
I really must get a grip of myself before I become a teetotaller.
Above are photos of Dale and me with the vegies and Christina and Meredith taking a break from preparing something in the kitchen.
We hope you had a lovely Christmas Day too.
In 2009 I wrote a post about the Betts Shoes for Old Feet  wherein I described the many years of service I had from a pair of Airflex shoes.
Today I have to decry the death of my Blundstones.
That death occurred in a very embarrassing and messy way.
Having not worn my Blundstones for a while, I decided to wear them to work yesterday, the fateful day.
I work at what is known as "Q Block", the Prisoner Services Section at a correctional facility and have a modest office with a carpeted floor and share the block with 25 other people.
The hallways consist of painted concrete and after a short while my colleagues started commenting on the black flecks appearing from one end of the block to the other (from coffee room to photocopier).
Eventually, the black flecks also appeared on my carpet and I realised that I was the offender.
Within an hour or two, my carpet looked like the Stuart Highway (connecting Adelaide with Darwin) when a road train has a tyre blowout ... pieces of rubber everywhere!
As I had nothing else to wear, I had to continue walking and depositing shoe rubber for the remainder of my day.
By the end of my shift, the two heels of my boots were almost completely demolished and parts of the sole were falling off too.
The photo at left shows some of the damage.
Now I'm left wondering why a pair of shoes that were so comfortable and which have walked the hills of Oman, the streets of Al Ain and Prague, visited the Louvre, and been many other places all of a sudden decided to fall apart.
There's a kind of sadness when you end a relationship with a friend that has provided so much comfort for so long.
Having visitors occasionally is good, because you get out of the house and take them to local venues that you would not normally visit.
Like the National Transport Hall of Fame.
According to the home page on the Internet site:
"The Road Transport Historical Society is a volunteer based project dedicated to the preservation and presentation of Australia's unique road transport heritage.
It does this through its magnificant Shell Rimula Hall of Fame in Alice Springs, the traditional birthplace of the roadtrain.The charter is not only to remember the great trucks, buses and vehicles of the past, but recognise the contribution of the men and women who drove and lived with these great machines of the past."
It must be 15 years since I have visited the Hall of Fame.
Since then it has expanded greatly and improved it's stock of old trucks and equipment.
What surprised me most is that many of the vehicles in the Kenworth Museum are straight off the production line.
They must be worth millions and the Kenworth company still owns them, but stores them at the museum.
There are dozens of photos of people, places and transport from the early days in the Northern Territory as well as the obligatory cafe and tourist shop.
Adjoining the NTH of Fame is the Ghan Railway Museum, which we didn't visit today.
If you ever get an opportunity to visit Alice Springs and you are interested in transport you must visit the National Transport Hall of Fame.
Some visitors bring wine ... others come to simply graze and provide photographic opportunities.
Like this old kangaroo that grazes on our grass several times per week.
When I looked out the window Sunday morning, there he was busily eating our grass.
Remarkably, he seems to leave the weeds as though he doesn't want to do me out of the job of spraying and pulling them, all too often.
Unfortunately, he's not a big eater, so I still have to drag the electric mower out of the shed and cut the grass every so often.
Our friend the kangaroo is accustomed to we humans and when I took my pot of coffee, camera and book reader outside onto the pergola, he didn't give a jot that I was now much closer.
He simply gave me a glance, tweaked his ears and returned to the laborious job of feeding.
After about 20 minutes he simply hopped off into the adjoining hills.
Throughout most years we have a variety of colourful native birds, lizards and the odd snake visit our yard.
While the snakes aren't all welcome - most are deadly, it's nice to see that our wildlife is still all round us and surviving despite our impact on much of our environment.
Today is 1 August 2011.
It's now just over three years since I finished my contract with the Higher Colleges of Technology at Al Ain and headed back to Central Australia via Durban, Cape Town and Stellenbosch in South Africa.
I occasionally reflect on one of my favourite quotes by either William Shakespeare or Louis Safian (I forget which), "Time goes you say, oh no, Alas, time stays, we go."
As the years pass, I'm increasingly aware that at some time I will go.
I'm not sure where, but I'll undoubtedly "go".
Most likely, and if my wishes are followed, I'll finish up as a few kilograms of scattered ash floating about somewhere in my beloved Northern Territory.
This brings me to the many things I still want to do before I go.
There are only two very important things on my bucket list.
One is too private to tell the world and perhaps too naughty, but the other is to have a beer with my grandson Tory when he turns 18.
If I'm still here in nine years, I'll probably be able to stagger down to the local hotel and lift a beer to my lips.
But if I leave my first bucket item too long, I may never be able to carry it out as it takes a bit more energy than lifting a schooner to one's lips.
Today at least, I'm still here and everything seems to be going well.
So there are some other things I want to do before I'm too old to do them, or before I go.
They include to:
caravan extensively around this huge country called Australia to see in detail those places through which I have passed fleetingly, and to linger in those places to which I have not travelled
learn more about the universe in which we live, the billions of others that surround us, and the physics involved in keeping this magnificent show rolling along
meet more wonderful people and socialise more often
improve my golf to the stage where others say, "He's an excellent golfer."
(I may have to live a LOT longer for this to materialise)
help keep Australia free, democratic and progressive in honour of all those men and women who died that we might live in a good country; to keep out those who would turn Australia into an ignorant and backward country under a totalitarian regime
continue living a good humanist life not doing unnecessary harm to anything
There are others, but these seem the most pressing today.
After a 30 year search I've already found the solution to the meaning and purpose of life, so I can relax a little now and focus on more material and mundane things.
It's indeed a great life for most of us and we need to make the most of every moment.
How about you?
What remains on your Bucket List?
What do you want to do before your life certificate expires?
With only a few days of our holidays remaining and the knowledge that there would be at least two more overnight stays before we arrived back at Alice Springs, we decided to have a lay-over day at Dubbo so we could revisit the zoo.
Driving for 8-10 h per day is boring and wears one out, so a rest every so often is necessary, especially since the trip between Mildura (our next stop) and north through South Australia and back into the Territory is fairly ordinary.
Especially when you've done it (the latter) dozens of times.
According to the Dubbo tourism site:
The City is a thriving regional home to some 40,000 people who have health, education, retail and professional services at their finger tips…and time on their hands.
It’s the best of both worlds: city and country.
There’s plenty of work ... great opportunities ... and the time to enjoy it all.
There are hundreds, if not thousands of regional towns throughout Australia that could be equally described.
They are nice places with friendly people where life can be very comfortable.
Having the Western Plains Zoo just outside the town is a bonus, especially for tourism.
The Western Plains Zoo is owned and managed by Taronga Zoo which is in Sydney.
Many of the unique African animals are present, there are some Asian animals and of course some Australian animals, all located in their own areas with nice roads and walkways wending among them.
I perhaps like the meercats most as they are the animal most likely to make a lovely domestic pet (I think!).
They seem to be a great example of synergy within a community ... everyone working together for the common good.
Even in the safety of the Western Plains Zoo, one of the clan always finds a high spot and stands watch to protect the others from attack.
They take this duty in turns and there is never a time when there is nobody watching out for the enemy.
The animal at the top, for anyone who hasn't seen one before, is a hairy-nosed wombat (unique to Australia).
If time permits, do look up the Western Plains Zoo link ... there is some interesting stuff there ... for anyone interested in animals that is.
When you live in Central Australia, an isolated place about 1500 km from the beach and "Big Smoke" of the capital cities, occasionally you have to escape.
During our recent escape, we spent five nights at Coolangatta, part of Queensland's popular Gold Coast.
It was an unplanned part of our escapade, but never the less, pleasant.
We had intended staying at a time-share we had booked further south along the east coast of Australia at Port Macquarie (New South Wales), but unfortunately, flooding within the area put a stop to that.
As a contingency measure, we headed for Coolangatta where it's sunny with warmish days and cool mornings and evenings.
The whole Gold Coast Strip is an entertainment and holiday region.
Hundreds of thousands of people come here annually to soak up the sun, surf, fish, visit the numerous tourist attractions, gamble, shop, and have a break from the every day monotony of their mostly mundane lives.
At the end of the calendar year the "Schoolies" flock to the coast to party, party, party and celebrate their success (or otherwise) at grade 12.
Coolangatta is far enough away from Surfers Paradise (often called Sufferer's Paradise) to be out of the glitter and high paced entertainment activities.
It's more peaceful and you can find a parking place most days.
There are thousands of restaurants, cafes and hotels.
If you can't find the food you want somewhere on the Gold Coast, you aren't really hungry.
Attractions like Sea World and Dream World are still popular despite having been here for decades; a little like Disneyland in the USA.
Fortunately, there is a high speed highway at the back of the Gold Coast strip that enables one to drive from place to place without having to wend through traffic and 50 km/hr streets and traffic lights etc.
Only a few kilometres from Coolangatta and north of Surfers Paradise is Mudgeeraba, where our house is situated.
We called in to have a look at it and the nearby Robina Shopping Town which is the largest shopping centre in the Gold Coast.
One day in the not-too-distant future, we will relocate to our Mudgeeraba house and be 3 km from Robina Shopping Town and far enough away from the entertainment strip for our quality of life not to be diminished.
We are looking forward to it, but still have a year or two of caravanning to do first.
In Gordon's backyard, there is a variety of interesting things.
When his cat died leaving him with a supply of fish-based cat foods, he decided to keep filling the cat's bowl hoping the neighbours' cats would trespass and help him get rid of it.
They didn't.
In their place came the magpies who descend every morning and most evenings to have their fill of cat food.
As I watched them I couldn't help wondering if they'd continue eating it if they knew it was cat food.
Of course they would ... I'm Caucasian but I eat Asian food.
If I was really, really desperate, I'd probably eat cat food, or indeed the cat.
The strawberry patch has one huge, ripe strawberry, the garden bed some lovely colourful flowers, and near the shed, a potted plant that seems to say, "I'm here ... look at me, look at me!" Whatever they are called, they are among my favourite plant categories.
I admire them.
They have a beautiful simple symmetry that appeals to my sense of order, structure and space.
Straight fronds, all parallel with each other, point towards the sky as if acknowledging the wonderful handiwork of the one true god, Mother Nature.
All they ask for is a little water and a place to grow.
If only people were as simple.
Visiting a caravan expo is something akin to trying to take a drink from a fire hydrant; in the latter, there's so much water pressure, it's difficult enough to stay on one's feet, let alone, take a small mouth full.
At the caravan expo, there was so much to see, it was overwhelming.
By the time we had seen the fifth caravan, it was difficult to recall the features of the second.
Thus the Canon came in very handy helping us to preserve a photographic aides memoire of those features we preferred.
We visited the show with Christina's brother Gordon and his wife Lindy who are Brisbanites.
On arrival at the show there was a slight sprinkling of rain which, after about five minutes or so abated and thankfully remained at bay for the rest of our visit.
The thought of getting wet on our rare visit to Brisbane didn't appeal at all.
The Caravan Expo included camping and associated products eg, electric generators, tents, portable refrigerators, and a range of RVs (Recreational Vehicles).
You know, the tortoise-like motor vehicles where you have your house at the back of the vehicle and take it wherever you go.
These don't appeal to us as it means you have to pack up your belongings inside the van every time you want to go somewhere.
With a caravan it doesn't matter if you leave your plates and cups on the table, you drive off and leave it parked.
As we looked at various caravans, it became quite clear that most of them are similar with features dictated to designers by the need to maintain low weight and specific dimensions.
This was, of course, no surprise to us, but it was a surprise that almost all the vans used the same fixtures and fittings.
There are obviously few companies that design latches for doors and caravan air-conditioners.
Being novices at anything to do with towing, we were delighted to get a comprehensive explanation of all the ins and outs of ball weight, gross vehicle mass, tare weight etc from a lovely lady called Dale Timms of Nova Caravans, who has apparently spent decades designing and selling caravans.
Knowing that our Landcruiser Prado's maximum towing weight is 3,000 kg, is a first step in deciding which caravan to buy.
Now we have several months to research what is available, what we need compared with what we want, to compare prices and buy something suitable for our towing vehicle and lifestyle.
Only the Crusader range offers two comfortable leather chairs instead of bench seats, so it's possible that one simple feature - seating - could be the strongest determinant of what we buy after weight and price.
The search continues, but at least now, we know one end of a caravan from the otherWhen you drive east from Alice Springs to Queensland, there are only two ways to go; via Tennant Creek, 500 km to the north and then east along the Barkly Highway to Mount Isa or via the Plenty Highway.
The Tennant Creek route is bitumenised (asphalt) 400 km longer and, when you've driven it hundreds of times, exceedingly boring.
The Plenty Highway is a mostly gravel road that commences about 70 km north of The Alice and although rough in parts, is suitable for four wheel drive vehicles and trucks with high clearance.
With diesel fuel at $1.75 per Litre at Alice Springs, it's cheaper to go via the shorter dusty route and of course, a little quicker.
As we hadn't been across the Plenty Highway for quite a few years, we decided to go that way saving money and revisiting the route we had taken two or three times previously, a good opportunity to see if anything had changed.
As you turn from the Stuart Highway (named after explorer John Stuart) into the Plenty Highway, you face a number of signs telling you about the road condition and the need for 4 wheel drive, this time after Jervois Station.
(See photo at left).
For at least a few kilometres, it was bitumenised, something new since our last trip.
The Northern Territory Government extends the bitumen a few hundred metres or kilometres each year, depending on what funding is available.
By 2090, or perhaps a little sooner, it will be fully bitumenised, but by then it will be of little benefit to me.
For this first leg of our journey, we had decided to travel to Cawnpore Lookout, an idyllic spot (well, idyllic by our standards) somewhere between Boulia, the first town in western Queensland and Winton, the next along the track.
The lookout is on top of a little hill and the surrounding views are magic; ancient hills turned into buttes and other rugged shapes by millions of years of wind, rain and sun.
Cawnpore is about 950 kilometres from The Alice and therefore, a good day's drive away.
When we arrived where we thought Cawnpore should be, it was pitch dark with a miniscule quarter moon revealing very little of the surrounding hills.
We had a little trouble finding our way, but eventually located the lookout and drove up the steep slope to park on the top.
Not a sound could be heard except for some crickets.
As is common in outback Australia, the display of stars in the sky was outstanding.
The Southern Cross and Milky Way were particularly bright and a cool breeze came from the south.
We boiled the billy for coffee and tea, had a cold dinner and then sat for a couple of hours enjoying the isolation, peace, tranquility and the beautiful heavenly display before pushing back the seats in our Prado and going to sleep.
As morning broke, a lone road train (truck with five trailers) rumbled along the road below towards Boulia and we prepared for another day's drive, this time to Emerald, a coal mining and cotton growing township close to Rockhampton near the Queensland coast.
Our new Landcruiser Prado handled the rough, dusty roads very well and was much more comfortable than our previous, beloved Toyota Forerunner.
We still have a long way to go.
Watch this space!
Next Saturday we are off in our shiny, almost new Landcruiser Prado Turbo-diesel four wheel drive for a four week trip through the three States and back into our beloved Northern Territory.
We head east from the Stuart Highway along the Plenty Highway 900 km into Western Queensland, head for Rockhampton on the east Coast then south down the Pacific Highway to Brisbane, further south into New South Wales to Port Macquarie.
From NSW we drive west into the top part of South Australia and then head north back into the Northern Territory.
I'm going to post photos and descriptions of many of these areas we go to or through during our journey.
You'll love them, so watch this space.
While we visited numerous lovely places during our overseas jaunt, all lovely for different reasons, I think perhaps my favourite was Merano in Italy.
Merano is a city set among vineyards, apple orchards and snow-capped mountains and has an ambience difficult to explain.
It feels comfortable, homely, just right.
Early after our arrival I realised that although we were in Italy, the Austrian influence was very strong indeed.
Dual names were used for many places and Austrian coats of arms appeared more often than I would have expected.
There were few people we found who spoke English, but one of them I enquired of about the Austrian influence in Italy.
He told me that Merano had been part of Austria before the First World War and that after the war, Italy had taken over the city.
However, the Austrians who live there, which is the majority, have never let go of their language or Austrianness, despite almost 100 years since WW1.
One of the things I liked most about Merano is that the city has been built around the existing vineyards and orchards so that there are vast hectares of them outside the city and on some of the hill slopes.
Unlike many cities, they haven't bulldozed their agricultural asset to build concrete and metal structures.
Many of the houses and buildings on farmlets are hundreds of years old, made from stone and cement.
Some have religious boxes with a cross bearing their Saviours' image in crucifixion with candles burning.
Such faith!
The town centre is nicely laid out with covered walkway arches through which the crowds throng from shop to shop, all classy, nicely decked out shops, restaurants and hotels.
As the locals follow the very sensible practice of having an extended lunch break during which everything stops except the restaurants, the latter are chock block full of Meranians (?) drinking wine and eating scrumptious foods.
If you ever visit northern Italy, try to get to Merano ... it's a lovely city with much to see and do.
If you ski ... on snow, you can do that all year round.
We had a good morning leaving the Mondi Grundlsee Resort.
Everything worked according to plan: we arose early, showered, I shaved, we dressed, packed, cleaned up our studio apartment and then headed for our last breakfast.
Chris had muesli and a pancake with jam.
I had a piece of toast with cheese and ham topping and a plate of fruit.
It was supposed to keep us going for most of what was left of the day.
And it did, as our minds were elsewhere.
We managed to share a taxi to Bad Aussie train station with another couple, so our fare was half what it would have been.
Doing good so far.
Then it happened ... it all turned to shit at Salzburg.
When we arrived at Salzburg, for some reason better known to someone else, we got on the wrong train.
Yes, you read that correctly.
In a panic to change trains, we got on a train returning to near where we had come from and not the train to Innesbruck.
So we unneedlessly loaded our baggage onto a train taking us the wrong way.
After about five minutes, we realised that we had erred.
Needless to say, the train's first stop was an hour out of the starting point, at Linz.
We enjoyed viewing all the Austrian countryside that we had now seen three times, as we discussed how anyone as intelligent, well educated and travelled as we are could be so bloody stupid.
Then we realised that shit happens and we would just go with the flow.
What else could we do?
Things got better at Linz.
We had time to scratch ourselves and grab a snack and drink and when Christina told our sorry tale to the ticketing people, they put us on a train direct to Innesbruck meaning we didn't have to return to Salzburg.
We loaded our considerable amount of luggage onto the Innesbruck train and thought we were cooking with gas.
That is until we got to Belzano with only five minutes to change trains for the remainder of the trip to Merano.
We could do it, especially since the nice ticket conductor had told us it was leaving from platform one.
We quickly offloaded our gear and headed for platform one using two lifts (elevators), both of which were the slowest we have ever seen.
But we made it to platform one with two minutes to spare only to find the train closed down.
After we heard an announcement in Italian which we deciphered to mean the Merano train would now be leaving from platform five, we rushed to the lift and headed for platform five.
Guess what?
We missed the bloody train by about 10 seconds.
It drove off as we headed to the doors with our bags.
Shortly after I finished my display of indecent and obscene language (thank goodness nobody was nearby), we trudged back to the main station area to see if there were any later trains.
There was ... exactly one hour later and I'm sitting on it while I type this blog.
I've regained my composure, gotten over my guilt about my childish outburst of bad language, and regret that we couldn't advise our resort that we will be arriving late because we don't have the phone number, can't read an Italian telephone book, and really don't give a rat's bootlace anyway.
It can only get better from here.
It's absolutely stunningly beautiful with tall, snow-capped mountains, cool, fresh water in its lake, and quaint little houses all similar in design and structure.
It's Grundlsee (Lake Grundl) a small village surrounding a lake near Bad Aussee east of Salzburg in Austria.
(See two photos at bottom of collage - double click photo to enlarge)
Our time share at Beach House, Coolangatta in Australia is a six berth time share which allows us a number of "points" that we can use at any other time share anywhere on planet earth.
We've never stayed at Beach House, but we've used it extensively elsewhere and when we stay in a place with fewer than six berths, our points go further.
At Grundlsee we stayed for a week at the Mondi Holiday Resort in a double bed studio which had a small kitchen and all the comforts one could want.
While at Grundlsee we did a lot of walking (see photo of Christina walking along a leaf strewn track).
We took a bus to Bad Aussee and bought a few things including haircuts, some shoes, and a few other odds and ends including a nice lunch.
Accompanied by two lovely German ladies, with whom we had difficulty communicating, (but never the less enjoyed each others company), we did a horse and buggy tour of Bad Mittendorf a few kilometres away from Grundlsee.
The photo above shows Christina with the two horses who did the hard work pulling us around town.
Part way on our journey, which was quite cheap at 24 Euros per head, we were handed some schnapps glasses and a bottle of schnapps to do a bit of quaffing.
It warmed up the whole inner being and was lovely given that it was around 4 degrees C. We also stopped at a lovely little restaurant for lunch and of course, more schnapps.
I had quite a glow by the time we got back onto the buggy as did the two German ladies.
Life in a town like Grundlsee and the many other similar towns in this part of Austria must be wonderful.
Locals told us the snow was late this year, but should arrive soon.
It had arrived on some of the tall hills surrounding the town, but not yet fallen in the town itself.
We would have loved to have seen the snow fall ... next time.
Our tour of Sicily began in Rome and over 10 days took us down the west coat of Italy through the Bay of Naples, Sorrento, Isle of Capri, and Salerno to Taormina on the eastern tip of Sicily.
In Rome, we took some private time to walk around the Vatican which was only a few hundred metres from where we were staying.
It has an ancient security wall around its perimeter and although aged, is still very impressive.
Inside, it is spacious with lovely gardens and multiple buildings.
(Photo of Chris at Vatican main entry - second left)
As part of our tour, we visited the Vatican Museum which is chock full of religious artifacts going back thousands of years.
Most notable are the dozens of embroidered carpets representing decades, if not lifetimes of work for their artists.
Truly beautiful works, like much of the work done throughout history in the belief that they were being done in the service of one or other gods.
Zeuss for example; ancient Romans slaughtered 400 oxen per year to keep Zeus on side.
It seems that Zeuss didn't reciprocate, so eventually he went the way of all gods ... into the wastebin of rationality.
I wonder how long it will be before the current gods are seen for what they are and also discarded.
As part of our tour, We dined in a few nice restaurants experiencing the Italian/Sicilian cuisine, walked the local streets looking into the large number of high range fashion shops and more, scurried out of the way of Italian drivers, and (Robin) noticed that there are so many lean, shapely women who jam themselves into tight, tight jeans and wear long leather boots.
Delightful!
The Isle of Capri is beautiful with lovely views of the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Clearly a tourist destination, it has numerous old, stately hotels and charming shops (Photo of Robin in cake shop).
We visited the "famous gardens" and Faraglioni Rocks and a funicular ride was included (inclined railway).
Taormina, Enna, Erice, Agrigento, and Palermo were all worth visiting, but Taormina was our favourite.
It exists on different levels up the hillside.
At Palermo we did a guided tour of the Valley of Temples, considered the finest Greek sanctuary in Sicily and rivaling those of Athens in their grandeur.
(see photo).
Our Sicilian tourist guides had an annoying language characteristic that seems to be universal among Sicilian tour guides (who taught them English?).
They seem to add a after everything so a sentence in Sicilian English could sound like: "The Romans-a came here-a about 2,500 years ago-a.
I have no idea where this peculiarity of speech comes from, but it seemed that they were adding it intentionally to emphasise its existence.
Very peculiar.
Italian cities are obviously overcrowded with thousands and thousands of small cars crammed into everything that looks like a parking space.
There are literally thousands of SMART cars (Mercedes Benz) and they park everywhere ... perfect for that type of environment and no doubt run on the smell of an oily rag.
(see photo) I'd love one to drive about Alice Springs.
The lack of car parking space and density of population in high-rise buildings has also created cities that are absolutely filthy, mor like some of the Arab countries we have visited than like Germany, which is quite the opposite.
We flew from Palermo to Munich and after staying overnight in a ridiculously expensive hotel (conveniently situated near the airport), we took a train from Munich to Bad Aussee and thence a taxi to the Mondi Resort at nearby Grundlsee.
Turkey is a lovely country of differences not found elsewhere.
For example, it is populated by an almost majority muslim population, but has managed to remain democratic and secular thanks to it's greatest leader, Mustaffa Kamel Attaturk and those who have followed.
Sharia Law hasn't taken over in Turkey as it has elsewhere, much to the detriment of those countries like Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and Afghanistan.
Some areas, particularly in the less advanced, traditional country areas are more Islamic than the more modern parts such as Ankara and Istanbul.
There, women wear the typical head scarves and dress more modestly than those in the more enlightened areas.
The enlightened population wears Western dress and conducts itself very much as we do, however, I did note that almost everyone smokes.
The health message about smoking has obviously not been delivered in Turkish society.
Noted Islamic historian, Daniel Pipes discusses Turkish Islamism and why Turkey is a modern, advanced society (unlike most other muslim countries) in his excellent address at Perth, Australia in August 2010.
Turkey is a geographically large country with a population of around 73 million.
Most people seem to live in apartments and very few stand-alone houses were visible during our extensive trip of about 3,000 km.
The cities were much cleaner than those in Egypt, Syria, or Jordan, but less clean than most Australian cities.
The food in Turkey was excellent and plentiful and the Turkish beer, Efes, was also nice once I became accustomed to it.
When you live in a "new" Western country like Australia, it's humbling to visit a country with a history as long and complex as Turkey's.
At Cappadocia (see photo one) there are thousands of sandstone mounds which ancient peoples have carved into to make dwellings.
Mosques are plentiful, as would be expected and the Blue Mosque at Istanbul is one of the more historic mosques.
Christina is seen entering the Blue Mosque in photo two.
I had seen enough mosques and didn't want to take my shoes off yet again, so I remained outside to take the photo.
We made some new friends during our tour which included several other Australians, some Americans and Canadians.
The photo of me (Robin) with Alec, a police officer from the USA, was taken at Topkapi Palace in Istanbul, another excellent historical site that is huge.
Overall, the tour of Turkey was excellent.
Our Turkish guide was well organised, very personable and humorous and had an in-depth knowledge of Islam, Turkish society and history.
Our coach driver was miraculous being able to zoom between cars, park in spots just a tad bigger than the coach, and remain safe while taking us from place to place.
Of all the places, the Ataturk Memorial at Ankara was my favourite.
It's huge with hundreds of artifacts and of beautiful stone construction.
It demonstrates the love Turkish people have for their great leader who was obviously not only a leader, but a visionary.
We need more people like him today.
We visited Gallipoli while here and remembered all the Australian and NZ men who had died defending the British Empire during the First World War.
So many graves.
So much wasted potential on both sides.
It was a bit sad, but the saddest thing is that we haven't learnt from our mistakes.
It seems that we are destined to keep creating the same mistakes over and over ... man's inhumanity to man seems to have no bounds.
Now of course, Australia and most other Western countries have a new enemy, one that works from within and without and must be defeated if we are not to lose our freedom and democracy.
I wonder what historians will have to say about those of us who live in the 20th Century once we have all returned to the dust from whence we came?
Sadly, you and I will never know.
Everyone has learnt something about Egypt, but it's not until you do the tour that you realise the impact the Egyptians made on this part of the planet.
Most of the days we spent here were around 44 degrees Celsius.
And it's approaching their winter!
The number of temples and structures devoted to the dozens of gods, is overwhelming.
The fact that it's difficult to find a flat surface without heiroglyphs is also overwhelming.
It seems that the Egyptians, whoever they were and wherever they came from, did nothing else but build massive stone structures and then write all over them.
Their engineering and mathematics must have been outstanding, but they didn't leave evidence of much else.At one stage it crossed my mind that we had paid a lot of money to see a lot of broken down old rocks.
But every cent was worth it.
It's something everyone needs to do once.
Our guide, Osama is an Egyptologist who knows his subject inside out and is also very passionate about it.
Of course he is, he's Egyptian.
How could anyone live here and not be interested in the history?
Osama provided extensive overviews of each and every antiquity as well as held the group of about 34 together from a logistical point.
The townships we saw in Egypt are almost identical with other poor muslim Arab countries; run-down, dirty places with rubbish everywhere.
Most muslim countries don't seem to work well.
Author Ayan Hirsi Ali in her recently released book "Nomad" attributed this to the lack of critical thinking ability and a lack of motivation found in Islam that attributes everything that happens as the "will of god" (Inshállah) and waits for him, her or it to do the heavy lifting.
Despite thousands of years, they still don't seem to have learnt that depending on someone else to do things, even Allah, is risky and the result shows in the lack of societal progress.
What I find most remarkable is that the Egyptians were obviously excellent civil engineers but believed so strongly in the supernatural as to spend most of their time, effort and resources building and preparing for an afterlife not founded on rationale or evidence ... humankind's continuing need to find a purpose for being and an explanation for the universe that has perpetuated throughout recorded history and resulted in thousands, if not tens of thousands of religous myths, even by today's enlightened masses.
The question foremost on my mind is why, after the Egyptian civilization crumbled and after the Roman era, why has this great country become a second-rate country?
Maybe if I read the book on Egypt that Christina bought, I'll find out, although I feel I already know at least part of the answer.
At the time of writing, we have spent our first day at Istanbul ... an apparently much more civilised, clean and functional place than Egypt.
The last day of the week at this end of the planet is Thursday.
Our hosts and friends had arranged a social get-together for us Thursday evening, one of many we had held over the years in the same pleasant venue.
A cosy group of friends and colleagues was able to attend arriving at around 8 pm.
It was great to be able to spend a little time with each updating on what they had been doing and what we had done during our two years since leaving.
We felt as though we hadn't really been gone for two years.
What had we done in all that time, other than gotten a tad older?
The bottom right photo of the collage is a pre-arrival photo of one of two large rooms in our hosts' house that are used for entertainment.
By Australian standards, the house is a mansion.
It has three large bedrooms each with complete ensuites, a large kitchen, servant's quarters, two large entertainment areas and another large area used as a television room.
The ceilings are perhaps 13 or 14 feet and the entrance has a paved, garden area that is quite large also.
Nothing is done small in the United Arab Emirates where there is so much wealth it's unbelievable.
Serge's bar shown at left is the same as the one Christina bought me for my last birthday in the UAE.
The difference between Serge's and mine is that mine bad a couple of borers included at no extra expense.
They did the long trip to Australia and died in our loungeroom after we heard them boring away inside and sprayed the cabinet.
Fortunately, my bar is still standing.
Tonight we are having dinner at the Bawadi Mall with some friends who couldn't make the Thursday night bash.
Tomorrow we drive out to Abu Dhabi airport around 0530 h for our flight to Cairo and subsequent tour of Egypt.
It's a tough life, but someone has to do it.
Arriving at Abu Dhabi airport was a little like coming home ... the home we had left two years ago.
Had we been residents of the Emirates living in Australia for two years or residents of Australia living in the Emirates?
Although the answer is clear, sometimes it felt like a bit of a jumble.
The flight over was terrible.
Thirteen hours travelling cattle class with a young man nearby who vomited at regular intervals or made loud choking noises.
An apparent Downs Syndrome boy, it was hard not to feel sorry for him and his parents while at the same time having to put up with the noises while eating, trying to sleep and fill in time with the hope that the journey would be over soon.
We realised that being parents of a hearing impaired son at times it had been difficult enough for us, but it could have been much worse.
After months of rain and cold weather at Alice Springs, it was lovely to arrive at Abu Dhabi with 30 degree heat and rain free.
Although the sky was full of sand dust, it was still very pleasant.
We took a taxi to Al Ain to our friends'place which is, by Australian standards, almost a palace for two people.
A property like theirs in Sydney would be worth millions.
When we saw it again, memories of the many dinners and parties we had attended at this fine edifice ... Canadian Thanks-Givings, Christmas Dinners, and a few just to say goodbye to friends who were departing or ad hoc events with just one or two couples.
After cleaning up and getting a change of clothes we took a taxi to Al Ain Mall where Christina wanted to visit one of our favourite restaurants, the Beirut, to see if their humous and Lebanese bread was still as nice as it had been.
To our delight it was.
There's more to do today and on the weekend we hear that one of our friends is having a party for us.
How fortunate can one be?
What a great start to our holiday.
If only one could live at Al Ain and not have to work, we'd be here in a flash.
No matter how you do it, deciding what to take and what to leave behind when you travel is a difficult task.
I like to lay out in front of me, usually on our bed, all those things I think I need to take.
Then I rationalise between what I want to take and what I really need, bearing in mind that I will buy something while away ... a few souvenirs and presents for family and friends.
A new shirt or pair of boots.
When you are going to both hot and cold climates, it's even a greater challenge.
Because we are spending the first half of our holiday in the Middle East where it will be warmish, we have decided not to take too many heavy winter clothes.
We'll buy what we need during the second half of our journey in the Italian and Austrian Alps, the UK and Scotland where it will be colder.
If we are really lucky and those countries are having heatwaves (oh, yeah?) then we won't have to buy anything.
Buying new clothes means you are able to discard some of the worn-out stuff you've been carrying about but are too attached to to ditch.
Well, I get attached to my clothes and stuff, don't you?
It's very hard to turf out something that has kept you warm winter after winter ... an old faithful ... and to recruit something untried and untested.
So, the packing continues.
As we leave tomorrow, decisions need to be made, rationalising needs to be done.
We need to fit our stuff into our new Delsey suit cases and by some miracle be less than the allocated weight.
Tomorrow it's Alice Springs to Adelaide to Melbourne and then to Abu Dhabi.
It will be a little like going home.
There's only a week to go before we fly out of Central Australia to Melbourne and thence the world.
Needless to say, we are excited about having a break from Alice Springs and visiting our many friends at Al Ain and elsewhere.
Also, when you live at Alice Springs so far away from the coast and other cities, it's necessary to have a break at least annually as the place becomes too small.
Here is our itinerary.
For security reasons, I have not provided local contact details or exact locations, but friends can email us to find those out if need be.
We are doing several tours, one nine day trip through Egypt that includes a boat trip up the Nile.
We do a 14 day bus tour through the more historical parts of Turkey including Gallipoli, which all Australians need to visit at least once.
There's also a nine day tour through Italy that includes Naples and Sicily.
We have a time share at the Gold Coast in Queensland (Australia) that is transferable to other countries.
We will be using it to stay at locations in the Austrian Alps, the Italian Alps and the countryside somewhere in France.
(wee, wee).
Unfortunately, we will need to carry winter and summer clothing, which increases the load.
However, we've invested in two new travel bags that are sturdy but light and will take as little heavy stuff as possible.
While we are touring I will update this blog as often as possible.
If you want to be advised of updates, why not follow the blog so you get notified that a new post has been made?
I've also been asked to be a guest blogger on a travel blog, but have yet to find out more about that.
As I write, it's been raining again overnight and golf for this morning is cancelled.
With the rain, it's not as cold as it has been, but is still cold enough to have a heater on and the doors and windows closed.
This winter seems to have been colder than previous.
In fact, we have had the coldest day ever recorded in Central Australia this month.
The temperature never went about 6 degrees Celsius for the day.
Now I know some of you who live in places where it gets really cold, will have a giggle at that.
However, remember that Central Australia is an arid, dry environment that also gets very hot in summer.
We're accustomed to it getting cold in winter, but not that cold for so long.
I recall a minus 6 degrees once, but it usually occurs when one is wrapped up in bed ... or should be.
For only the second time in our 38 years together, Christina has been very sick with influenza and bronchitis having had about seven days of it.
So much for the innoculations we had for swine flu and normal flu.
I had a dose that kept me away from work for two days, but it wasn't anywhere near as severe as the dose Christina has ... probably one of the dubious benefits of working in a hospital.
Anyway, I'm off to Darwin for a few days next week where it will be warmer and I can soak in some sun beams and return home feeling all the better for it.
