After a long hot summer for my hibiscus plant, which did not almost die this year (unlike last year) because it got watered and sprayed everyday, the first bloom in a few months occurred on November 1.
Another one appeared on November 3 and now it has several buds.
It should do well until it freezes and then I’ll cover it but it might not have flowers until the temperatures are more moderate in early spring.
The gazanias also didn’t bloom for a couple of months even though they are heat and drought tolerant but they’re blossoming again.
Petunias do well in the fall here.
This purple sage is in our neighbor’s yard.
AUTUMN’S CATS
And, of course, cool fall temperatures make the outdoor cats happy although some need to snuggle into their beds at night to keep warm.
Here’s an autumn update on them.
You will see that most of them have a tipped ear to indicate they’ve been spayed/neutered.
We have worked hard to get them all fixed.
Two don’t have tipped ears and that is because the vets forgot to tip their ears when they fixed them :(
Svengali is a very social cat, loves to get attention from visitors.
He has somewhat taken over the role of WB, our late outdoor cat, as “uncle” to the other outdoor cats although a couple still find him a little scary.
These are the triplets, below: Ebony, Ivory, and Edie.
Ebony and Ivory are pretty tame, can be petted, and picked up, but Edie is still feral after 4.5 years of living here and being fed by us.
Ebony is very sweet and loves Tony to brush him.
I don’t think the mosquito bit him.
Ivory is sassy with an attitude.
Edie is shy and loves to hang out on the roof.
Then there are the little girls, the two sisters, Stripey and Grady.
They had the same mom as the triplets (the late Isabella).
They are 2.5 years old now.
Stripey is napping in the warm leaves on a cool afternoon.
Grady loves to hang out in the silk oak tree and watch the hummingbirds.
The stepsisters spend most of their time in the alley and come here to eat and snack:
Jessi has been with us for over 5 years.
She doesn’t really care for Svengali much but she’s very sweet and tame.
Smokey looks a lot like Grady (one has a right-tipped ear and the other left-tipped) and she’s totally feral although we’ve been feeding her for 4.5 years when she showed up as an older kitten.
We assume they have the same father, a big tom we call Balzac, who is the only un-neutered cat around.
We don’t know if he has a home but he’s a big guy and, annoyingly, picks fights sometimes.
Fortunately, he’s not around all the time.
And, last but not least, is Winky, the last cat we had fixed a couple of months ago.
Unfortunately, even though she has been around for months and showed up skinny and scruffy, she had already been spayed so she got to have a second surgery for nothing.
She’s fine now, though, and her ear got tipped this time.
This is right after it was done so it looks less raggedy now.
Winky looks a lot like Ebony but we don’t think they’re closely related.
Winky can be petted but doesn’t like it much and does not like to be picked up.
We can’t brush her so she still looks a little scruffy.
Mookie was a cat who was in our neighborhood for a long time.
We think he first belonged to an elderly woman who died a few years ago and who had several cats.
Some were taken to the Humane Society and some escaped.
Our other neighbors adopted Mookie but he also ate at our house quite often, especially for the last few months.
He disappeared a few weeks ago and we looked for him around the neighborhood.
Yet another neighbor found him and took care of him but he was very ill and had to be put to sleep a couple weeks ago.
He was a very sweet cat, too.
A couple other cats, Romeo, a neighbor’s cat, Crybaby, another neighbor’s cat, and the previously-mentioned Balzac, also drop in for meals frequently.
Like many other cities, central Phoenix has a lot of residents involved in sustainability and chicken raising.
Last weekend was an annual event called Tour de Coops.
“Advocates of raising urban chickens and other poultry often do so in conjunction with edible gardens and say the practice provides food, entertainment, and peace of mind.”
There were about 30 yards/coops on the tour.
While I understand why people do it, I’m not personally interested in raising chickens in my yard.
But I knew that one of my neighbors a street over was one of the stops on this year’s tour and he allowed neighbors to drop in also.
I do think his raised box gardens are really nice.
He built the boxes and has, in fact, started a business building them and coops for customers.
He and his wife had a lot of chickens and theirs were not just your run-of-the mill chicks.
It isn’t easy getting chickens to look at the camera.
They not only have their backyard full of crops but also their front yard.
It looks like a lot of work to me in addition to having a job and life, etc.
I think, for now, I’ll stick with my pot of basil on the patio and the herd of cats in our yard.
This is what I love about blogging~that I feel compelled to take more photos than I normally would, pay more attention to my surroundings than I normally would, and then research what I’ve found.
I now know a lot more about various butterflies, birds, flowers, animals, places, artists than I would have ever discovered if I wasn’t trying to capture them all digitally and record them here.
This previously-unknown-to-me little yellow bird is a verdin (aka yellow-headed bushtit).
They are found in only 5 of the US states, all desert southwestern states: Arizona, California, Nevada, New Mexico, and Texas.
They’re inquisitive yet shy, only 4 inches long at the most, and one of the smallest perching songbirds in North America.
They build unique, basket-like, enclosed nests (which I have yet to see).
They love nectar but are not pollinators.
Verdins will also visit hummingbird feeders, sometimes using the feeding holes, but more often probing small cracks or openings around the feeders to collect dried sugar water.
They also like pomegranate trees and we have one.
Read more about these pretty creatures here.
No, Not In My Back Yard but in our front yard…and there were two of them, one in each of our silk oaks!
I have taken a ton of photos over the last few days of one or both of these Harris’ hawks.
But the day they were actually in our yard yielded the best pics so far.
This is the chatty one, above.
Have you ever heard a hawk call?
Not the most attractive sound in the world, quite abrasive, really.
The other one wasn’t saying anything so I don’t know if this is a male courting a female or what.
And this is the quieter one, above.
Of course, when the hawks showed up a few weeks ago, we were a little concerned about our outdoor cats.
But two Harris’ hawks were here last spring and early summer also (possibly the same ones as they seem to like the same fir tree of our neighbors’ as the previous ones did), and none of our cats or anyone else’s were harmed.
Hawks don’t often go after prey that large~they prefer small rodents and smaller birds.
So, although it’s a little disconcerting, we are hoping everyone will continue to be okay (fingers and paws crossed).
The previous hawks nested in our neighbors’ tree and they have 2 cats living in their yard who would lay right under the tree and the hawks didn’t bother them.
Those hawks had 2 fledglings who became sick from a bacterial illness that young hawks often get from dove meat.
The neighbors called a rescue group in our area, Liberty Wildlife, that came and rescued the fledglings and said they would survive with antibiotic therapy.
After that, the 2 hawk parents left for several months and now either they or some others have returned.
Here are a few photos of one of these hawks (the chatty one) from a couple days earlier.
Harris’ hawks are common urban dwellers now; however, electrocution is their largest cause of death in the city (citation).
Apparently, many more are injured from power lines, too.
In fact, about 20 years ago, I found an injured red-tailed hawk along one of the local canals.
I called Liberty Wildlife then and they immediately came out and rescued him.
They told me the next day that he had been electrocuted and had internal damage and might not survive.
Here he/she is in the huge tree that the hawks nested in last spring.
There is something very majestic-looking about them but when they make direct eye contact with you, it’s a little unsettling.
Those intense brown eyes…I don’t think he/she appreciated being a photo opp.
Yup, you’re in the right place.
It’s Día de Los Muertos and we’re going to celebrate!
In most regions of Mexico, November 1 honors children and infants, whereas deceased adults are honored on November 2. This is indicated by generally referring to November 1 as Día de los Inocentes (“Day of the Innocents”)  and November 2 as Día de los Muertos  (“Day of the Dead”).
Let’s party!
These photos were taken at the Arizona Latino Arts and Cultural Center, where they are having a Día de Los Muertos festival on Friday in downtown Phoenix that I hope to attend…so I may have an additional Day of the Dead post in the near future.
Many catrinas and calaveras to dance with…
This is a bottle of Kah Tequila that Tony gave me for my birthday last summer.
They make 3 different calaveras for 3 different tequilas, the black one, a white one, and a yellow one…I’ll be getting the other 2 at some point.
If you’ve read my blog for long, you know I usually post Day of the Dead murals for November 1.
Here is a link to last year’s post, 2010′s post, and 2009′s post.
We have a lot of those types of murals in Phoenix, done by Lalo Cota, Angel Diaz, Pablo Luna, and others, but I could not find any that I haven’t already posted here for today’s post.
So, above, is a mural I’ve never shown nor seen, I don’t know if it is still around, but it was done by Lalo Cota and it’s on his business card, so I scanned it, just so I wouldn’t be breaking my own tradition.
I wanted to post a photo of this mural, also by Lalo, but by the time I went to shoot it, it had been overpainted.
My cousin, who also loves Day of the Dead, sent me this as well as the metal skeleton (and some other goodies) in the next photo.
Love them!
And I added this Day of the Dead cross to my large cross collection.
If the Bates Motel* isn’t animated, click on it…
If you don’t see the horrifying specter in the cemetery above, click on it.
Sinister…
Even a happy jack-o-lantern is eerie…
Click on the pumpkin to be scared!
If there isn’t something terrifying in the upstairs window of the haunted house, click on it.
Okay, cemeteries creep me out a little but I know not everyone feels that way so I didn’t want this post to be unnecessarily spooky as that seems disrespectful.
However, I, personally, would never hang out in a cemetery in the middle of the night alone or anything.
Uh-uh.
I’ve seen way too many movies that started out that way and ended badly.
This one is large and pretty and has an older (for Phoenix) section, which is where these photos were taken.
Over 20 years ago, I lived a mile or so from this cemetery and occasionally rode my bike through it.
There was a sign posted that it closed at either dusk or sunset, I can’t remember which.
So one late afternoon, I was riding around and suddenly realized it was getting late.
When I went back to the entrance gate, it was locked!
And the fence was way too high to jump.
I can’t tell you how horrified I was.
I did get out a few heart-thumping minutes later after being toyed with by a couple of snarky guards driving by.
I don’t think I had gone back there until today…when I had my car and cell phone with me and watched the time carefully.
The fact that I seemed to be the only one around did make me uncomfortable and I was glad to leave.
Incidentally, the closing time is now listed as 6 pm which removes the ambiguity of dusk or sunset.
And the fence is now definitely hoppable, if necessary.
Maybe I wasn’t the only one trapped in there…that is spooky.
Oh, and the mausoleum with the barred window?
Is that to keep someone in or someone out?
And why does it seem to be a bit ajar?
If it makes you wonder, then Happy Early Halloween.
These petunias are on my front porch now.
Remember when I posted the postcards I received as part of the Liberate Your Art postcard swap?
Well, I exchanged a couple more photos with some other participants so I thought I would show them to you, too, since they’re so pretty.
This one above is from Natasha.
She’s a henna artist and this is made with henna, can you believe it?
*Oops, see disclaimer below in the comments, I got it a little wrong.
Anna is a talented artist whose blog I’ve been reading for some time.
Look at the beauty in those water drops.
This autumn equinox card is from my cousin, Deborah, and has a Mary Oliver poem inside.
I have autumn leaves in my yard, too…
…but they’re fake.
I guess you knew that.
Hmm, maybe it’s time for a little roadtrip up north?
This should be peak fall color season up there.
This is the time of year our pomegranate bush has fruit.
I baked pumpkin bread…from a mix…that’s pretty good for me.
“We got a new rug and matching giraffe.
Mom says it’s hers but we almost never see her laying on it.”
…hang out in my lantana.
I finally was able to digitally capture one of the big orange butterflies I’ve seen swooping around our yard lately.
And it wasn’t a Monarch, after all, but a Gulf Fritillary.
I’ve photographed Variegated Fritillaries before but not this kind which, apparently, are not very closely related to the true fritillaries.
So, want to see who else has been dropping by the last few days?
Double Butterfly Score with a Painted Lady and a Skipper!
Painted Lady
I have previously posted photos of Painted Ladies here.
Brown Skipper
And I posted about Skippers last year here.
Gray Skipper in the nearby dandelions (click to enlarge)
Bee
Carrying Pollen with Its Feet
Gulf Fritillary (click to enlarge and click again)
Cuz I couldn’t pick just a couple.
Fly (yes, some of them are pollinators, too)
And, because I’m keeping score, here are some other butterfly species I have photographed in the last couple years.
This is a mural that was done in August at an event called the Great Paint Escape.
Several local muralists, many of whom I have blogged about before, participated in the making of this mural: Hugo Medina, Colton Brock, Thomas Breeze Marcus, Angel Diaz, Gennaro Garcia, Isaac Nicholas Caruso, Amanda Adkins, Katie Beltran, JB Snyder, Lauren Lee, Sebastien Millon, and Kyllan Maney.
Hugo Medina (curator) and Colton Brock did the hands and Phoenix skyline ahead of time.
It represented someone laying on the ground, looking up, and framing the blank canvas of Phoenix with their hands.
On the night of the event, the other artists painted the rest of the mural.
While the painting was going on outside, the artists were also painting smaller pieces inside to be sold at a silent auction benefiting Free Arts for Abused Children of Arizona on First Friday in September.
That is JB Snyder painting above.
I was unable to attend the second event so I don’t know if more has been added to the mural; I’ll have to go check it out again soon.
This one (above) was just done a couple weeks ago on a new bar and gastropub “committed to craft beer,” Angels Trumpet Ale House, in downtown Phoenix.
It’s a collaboration between Lalo Cota and Thomas Breeze Marcus.
I took this photo 2 days ago and saw today on Facebook that it has had additions to it since then.
I shot too soon!!!! Someday I’ll give you an update.
In fact, you can see it on Breeze’s blog here.
On the back of Por Vida Gallery on Calle 16, by Angel Diaz.
It used to look like this.
This mural (above), Painting Smiles, was painted by Lalo Cota, Gennaro Garcia, others of the Calle 16 Foundation, and children of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Metropolitan Phoenix last May.
It was sponsored by Blue Bunny Ice Cream to give the children the opportunity to participate in creating a mural in the center of the Hispanic community, which reflects their heritage, diversity, culture and love for our community.
A wheat paste by Jetsonorama.
It is on Calle 16 on the wall next to this mural.
And, I have several more to visit soon.
I keep a running list of murals to visit and I never get to the end of the list…that’s a good thing.
p.s.
I became aware on my last post, much after the fact, that the first photo, which is actually an animated gif of a hummingbird, was not animating spontaneously on all computers.
If you click on it, it will animate, but I think maybe a lot of people did not see the animation :( 
I’m not that much into photo gear.
I’ve mostly been shooting with the convenient and versatile 18-135mm kit lens that came with my Nikon DSLR 3 years ago and occasionally with the nice 10mm fisheye Tony got me or my old 50mm lens from my film Nikon (that doesn’t meter).
But, the other day, I stopped into the Ritz Camera close to my house (all the Ritz’s are going out of business :( ) and got a deal on a 55-200mm Nikon VR (Vibration Reduction) lens.
I am into special effects, though, so forgive some of the possibly silly ones you will see here.
I was just going to do a couple but it got out of control.
The new lens did make it a lot easier to sneak up on my little hummer friends from the cover of a nearby tree.
Strawberry Fields Forever…
I was at the nursery buying some pots and flowers yesterday and saw this cool plant.
I don’t know what it is but these 2 guys that work there were riding around in a cart and started singing Strawberry Fields Forever when they saw me taking the photo.*
Okay, this one above may be the hokiest of the special effects here but I kinda like it.
It’s a rare bird.
And, lastly, this tiny butterfly was no more than 1/2 an inch.
Although 200mm was still not close enough to get a good shot, I wouldn’t have even attempted it with my 135mm.
I can’t ID this butterfly, though…can you?
*Noelle, the AZ Plant Lady identified the strawberry fields as red gomphrena.
Apparently they really are nicknamed Strawberry Fields.
ime to start getting ready for one of my favorite holidays…
Less than a month away so it’s officially the season…
Día de los Muertos…November 1 and 2…Day(s) of the Dead…
I just thought I would start to set the mood…
And, hopefully, I’ll have some fun photos to commemorate the occasion…
To toast Los Muertos in style…
I didn’t get any shots of hummingbirds at the Hummingbird Sanctuary in my last post~I didn’t even see any.
But I see plenty in our yard and got these photos today.
Not my best hummer shots (these and these are) but they do mean I won’t be blog post-less today.
I saw some gorgeous orange butterflies in the yard, too, but they moved way too fast and never seemed to light.
They seemed too orange to be monarchs but I definitely have never photographed these kind before so I hope they stick around and slow down.
We promise we won’t go after the pretty butterflies, Mom!
Bonus Urban Wildlife Pictures!!!!
If you read my blog much, you know we live in central Phoenix, in a very urban area, surrounded by busy streets so earlier this year, after 18 years in this house, we were surprised to hear there were coyotes on our street and hawks in a tree down the alley!
We were not at all happy about the coyotes because we have many outdoor cats and I definitely didn’t want them to be snacks.
However (knock on wood), they disappeared from our area after a few days and no pets in the neighborhood were harmed.
One of our neighbors saw a coyote in our carport~where the cats sleep and congregate~one night about 11pm but I guess they weren’t hungry.
I know that coyotes have large territories so they could be back someday but I hope not.
The hawks hung around longer but have now also left.
I wasn’t quite as worried about them in relation to the cats as hawks seldom go for grown cats.
But I was really surprised the other night, at about midnight, when I looked out the back window and saw what I thought was a new cat eating out of the food bowl in a little covered alcove we have (the “catcove”).
The striped bushy tail looked a lot like Google’s but as he turned his head, I saw a black mask.
Raccoons in central Phoenix?!?!?
One of the cats was sitting next to him watching him eat.
I went out to see him better and he ran off.
I was shocked and read about them the next day.
Others in Phoenix have had them.
Once again, I was worried about the cats, although everything I read said they will only attack if they feel threatened and they often co-exist with cats.
But I know they can be destructive and try to break into attics to live.
I’m not sure Tony entirely believed me about Rocky Raccoon but the next night around 11pm, he heard a thud on the roof, a bigger thud than the cats make.
Once again, I looked out the same window a little later and there he was again!
I got Tony up and we watched Rocky wash the cat food in the water bowl before eating it.
Two of the little cats came and chased him so we went out back and Tony spotted him on the roof and we got these shots.
He has not been back for the last 3 nights~I can tell because the water in the water bowl would be all dirty from him washing his food and there would be kibble laying around as there was the 2 nights he was here.
He either didn’t like being chased by cats, camera flashes, or decided the food wasn’t that great.
He’s cute but we don’t really want him around.
I hope he’s safe and that no one harms him but we prefer that he has moved on to a better place so we don’t have to worry about his safety, the cats’ safety, the attic’s safety, etc.
I think it’s very sad that so many of these animals have been displaced by humans from their natural environments.
However, in all the reading I’ve done the past few months, I know raccoons and coyotes have adapted to urban life.
In Phoenix, the urban coyotes are in their 10th generation and urban raccoons often do not survive if relocated to the wild.
As it is, neither AZ Game and Fish, nor Maricopa County Animal Control, nor the AZ Humane Society will help with relocating these animals.
Citizens are on their own to trap, relocate, or dissuade these animals from their neighborhoods.
We really hope Rocky will be okay but that he won’t be living around us.
I love the look of the rocks against the cor-ten and vines.
The other day while looking for signs of fall, I found a little park that I have been looking for half-heartedly for quite awhile.
It’s embarrassing how close it is to where I work in Scottsdale and yet I just couldn’t seem to find it.
I looked on Google maps around the area, found it on the map, and then finally found it in person.
It’s small and kind of gets lost in the surrounding buildings.
It’s got 5 of these steel trumpet flowers, designed after real trumpet flowers.
A couple are almost bare and the other 3 are in various stages of being covered with hummingbird-attractive vines.
It’s been there for 17 years, I must have driven past it countless times!
Another local blogger, John Romeo Alpha, blogged about it over 2 years ago, but I still couldn’t find it.
After over 3.5 years of blogging, it’s always fun to find a new-to-me place to blog about and photograph.
Incidentally, most of the photos in my last post were also taken here, including those of the 2-headed butterfly.
traces of…signs of…autumn in Phoenix.
As we head into the equinox, it would be nice to see some lovely fall images like I see on other blogs…
But fall in Phoenix isn’t like most other places in North America…
In Phoenix,
Spring comes early,
Summer lasts forever,
Fall comes late,
And Winter doesn’t really happen.
Here it will be 107 on the equinox…yet we have cooler nights and mornings now, down into the upper 70s, lower 80s…and that brings the promise of sweatshirts, jackets, firepits, and the scent of mesquite in the air…
Here, it’s the quality of light that is the most distinctive measure of autumn and we have that.
Psst…wanna see something weird?
You might have to take my word for this because I don’t have a very long telephoto and I couldn’t get real close.
See that butterfly on the pretty fairy duster?
It looks like it has 2 heads!!!!
So I googled it and it’s a hairstreak (not sure of the exact subspecies of hairstreak).
They have “fake” heads on the backs of their wings in order to fool predators as their tails are expendable but, obviously, their heads are not.
At first, I thought it was two butterflies but I saw it flying and wondered if it was some mutant.
But, no, I found other photos of hairstreaks.
I’m so excited I got to see one and get some (crappy) photos.
Here are a couple of photos where you can see this strange (to me) phenomenon~1,2.
It is referred to as “protective mimicry” here.
Here’s another one I found on Flickr where you can distinctly see the “fake” head and antenna.
Bizarre and fascinating, isn’t it?
A whole new butterfly type for me.
Ever since my cousin, Deborah, and I read Nancy Drew books and pretended we were the Dana Girls when we were young, I’ve loved a good mystery.
I have a need to know the facts on just about everything and the research is the best part.
So this house in the Old Town section of Scottsdale has intrigued me for years.
I drive by it almost every day on my way to and from work.
And I blogged about the art in the yard in January 2010.
Back then, it looked like this:
It has changed a little over the last couple years.
Those pennants or flags were replaced with different, more orange-y and earth-tone ones.
A couple of weeks ago, I was dismayed when I drove by and saw a man out in the yard who appeared to be cutting the tree down.
Fortunately, over the next couple of days, I realized that was not the case.
Click to enlarge for a better view.
It seems as though the already dead tree sustained some further damage and broke off.
This tree must have some major significance to the homeowners because it has now evolved into an even more unusual, more elaborate, more artistic work.
The rebar (?) is even more ornate now as is the stone work.
Who would think a broken, dead tree could look so cool?
I took my camera to work with me the other day, determined to get some shots on my way home.
As I got there, I saw that the man was out mowing the lawn.
I almost chickened out and kept driving but I really wanted to know the story of the art.
You can’t park right on this street so I had to go around the corner to park.
By the time I got back, he had moved into the back yard with his lawnmower.
So I still felt I had to sneak my shots.
:(
I don’t know the exact answers yet.
But I do know (thanks to all the online county assessor records) that the house is only 792 square feet on a lot that is 13,561 square feet~leaving lots of room for unique art and a lush park-type setting.
It’s owned by the trust of a woman who was Scottsdale’s oldest native at the time of her death in 2007.
Thelma and her sister and other members of their family were prominent in early Scottsdale, when it was a smaller, more “western,” much different town than it is now.
They formed the Scottsdale Historical Society.
She developed a reputation as the city’s “watchdog,” making certain that the public was well-informed on city happenings and she worked hard to preserve Scottsdale’s history.
I think the artist is her son, George, who is in the Arizona Artists Guild.
He has also now added a few other pieces of art to the yard, incorporating more dead trees, and other objects.
I guess he may just be preserving his childhood home and these trees have a sentimental or historic value to him.
It makes me sad that when we had 2 dead trees cut down in our yard over the last few years, all we did was have them chopped up and carted away.
*If I ever get information from the artist himself, I’ll post an update.
I’ve posted this above photo before but I used it recently in the Liberate Your Art postcard swap in which I participated.
I affixed an “official” postcard backing to it and mailed 5 of them to Kat Sloma along with stamps and address labels.
In return, I got 6 postcards myself (5 from other participants and one from Kat).
I thought I would show you the postcards I received and give the blog addresses of the artists so, if you’re interested, you can check out their blogs.
The blog hop is sort of the finale of the swap and there will be a link at the end of this post so you can visit other participants who also blogged about the swap.
Here are the postcards in the order I received them.
This is from Karen Isaacson.
This is from Judi Shipley.
I don’t have a blog address for her.
The above one is from Dana Strickland.
And from Germany, Katrin Klink.
Stephanie Mull sent this one (above).
And the person who put the swap together and mailed out (6 each for all entered) postcards to 193 participants, Kat Sloma, did the postcard above.
She does the swap every year so keep it in mind for yourself next year.
This is Kat’s post about the blog hop with a video showing all the art.
Aren’t they all gorgeous?
I used to do mail art for almost 10 years…sending and receiving a lot of art during that time…so it was fun to experience that again.
All the postcards I received seemed to be professionally done whereas my own just had a postcard backing.
I was surprised that everyone seems to have “real” postcards.
Maybe I’ll get some myself…
I saw the American Way Market down the street when I was out shooting this old building recently.
I don’t know anything about this mural…it seems kind of dated and strange…but interesting.
Lotsa rainy days lately in Phoenix.
The other day a rainbow appeared afterwards and I didn’t see that it was a double rainbow until I looked at my photos.
It’s very faint but it’s there above the real rainbow.
Marbles watching Mrs. Obama speak at the DNC the other night.
Straight blue.
Something sad happened in our multi-cat family last week.
One of our three indoor cats, Abbey, died.
She was only 11 years (and a few months) old.
Her illness came on pretty quickly.
She was perfectly fine when the above and below photos were taken on May 26.
She gradually started eating less and less maybe a month or so ago.
When the mobile vet came out to see her a couple weeks ago, he did blood work and we found she had kidney disease.
We’ve had other cats with that but cats can often live several months or even a couple years with kidney disease.
However, she didn’t respond to sub-q fluids.
We force fed her but she just wouldn’t eat and when she got weaker and weaker, we had her put to sleep on August 30.
She really didn’t seem to be suffering, just sort of “out of it” and not having any enjoyment in life.
We found Abbey in June of 2001, abandoned alone in the Phoenix Mountain Preserve.
She was only about 4 weeks old.
There are coyotes, snakes, foxes, hawks, and all sorts of dangers there but she was holing up in a tiny little cave.
She was very hungry, though.
Abbey came to live with us when we had 3 other indoor cats, Cory, Miles, and Scottie.
She and Scottie, an orange tabby, became best buddies and hung out together all the time.
Unfortunately, Scottie died in 2006 (at only 9 years old).
By then Miles and Cory had also died and we had Marbles (still with us) and then got Google in 2008.
Abbey never cared for either one of them and often kept to herself.
The family room was her domain, often behind curtains, under the futon, back in a corner…maybe it reminded her of her babyhood in a cave.
In 2005, Abbey was critically ill with idiopathic chylothorax, a rare condition.
After having fluid aspirated from her pleural cavity a couple of times, her lungs were permanently scarred.
Her prognosis was “very grim.”
But we force fed her back then, too, and eventually she began to eat again, regained her weight, started to purr, and didn’t need to take her meds regularly anymore.
She was left with asthma so did need meds occasionally during her remaining 7 years.
Back then the vet said that since she was allowed to lead a quiet, indoor life she might be able to survive longer.
We’re lucky we got to have those several more years with her but it’s never enough, of course.
Abbey was a very sweet and good cat, never got into trouble like our current boy cats do.
She liked rolling, being brushed (mostly by her dad, Tony), catnip, chicken, tuna, treats, grass, burying her uneaten food with toys, shoes, rugs, anything she could drag over her plate.
She was cute and funny.
We’ll miss our little short munchkin.
If you’d like to read more about Abbey, especially her rescue from the mountains, I wrote about her on my cat blog a little over a year ago here.
I just got back from a few days in northern Indiana, where my mother lives.
These photos were all taken in her neighborhood…a totally different sort of scenery than I see here in Arizona.
There are a lot of trees in her ‘hood, lush landscapes, and ducks enjoying the little pond.
That’s not her house but this one has a lovely setting.
I had no wifi there so I’m behind on reading other blogs.
The weather was lovely but I’m glad to be back to urbanity.
I like the darkness of the woods.
And I saw fireflies again for the first time in many years…rabbits and squirrels, too, which we just don’t see in central Phoenix.
Here’s some more of the wooded shots I took in a slideshow.
Mornings at Blackwater
For years, every morning, I drank
from Blackwater Pond.
It was flavored with oak leaves and also, no doubt,
the feet of ducks.
And always it assuaged me
from the dry bowl of the very far past.
What I want to say is
that the past is the past,
and the present is what your life is,
and you are capable
of choosing what that will be,
darling citizen.
So come to the pond,
or the river of your imagination,
or the harbor of your longing,
and put your lips to the world.
And live
your life.
This new Lalo Cota mural is just a couple blocks down from the Lauren Lee mural in my last post.
And, being in a busy downtown area, I have had the same problem catching it with no cars in front of it.
So I gave up on that plan, wanting to capture it before it might change.
I wanted to make sure I photographed it, even with cars, because I’m wondering if this is one of those walls where the mural may change regularly.
Until a few weeks ago, this wall looked like this:
Gold, Oil, Drugs also by Lalo Cota.
I blogged about it then here.
And it was a fairly recent mural, too, so maybe the current one will not be there long either.
Maybe it’s a revolving Lalo wall…not a bad thing.
You can see Niba DelCastillo’s shot of it sans cars here.
Just a little down the street from this mural is a new, temporary park with a big community mural done in late February that I posted about here.
Since then, other improvements have been made to make the park a nice gathering place for people in the neighborhood (when it finally cools down).
This piece was at Arizona State University until recently.
There are little benches and shaded areas inside.
The “ribs” were just painted red a few weeks ago.
You can see monOrchid in the background with the Isaac N. Caruso mural I wrote about here.
We have some awesome downtown community activists, artists, homeowners, and business owners who work very hard to turn a formerly blighted area into a dynamic, attractive, fun place to go.
Back in May, I mentioned in a post that the new owners of a gallery on Roosevelt Row were commissioning a mural for the side of it.
The wall used to look like this and the new owners painted it green (as their business is called Green Haus).
The winner is named Lauren Lee and she finished her mural in early July.
So I’m way too lazy to go down there at about 5 am on a Sunday to try to get a shot with no cars so you’ll have to imagine what it looks like without them.
Pretty cool, huh?
She used very vivid colors.
Lauren has been winning awards and recognition left and right lately and has done several other murals recently.
Check out her website to see more of her beautiful work and see more pics by Niba DelCastillo (minus the cars) of this mural here.
I was out mural-shooting the other day and came upon this little building and it really appealed to me.
It was partly cloudy and had rained a lot the night before so I “copied” the style of another local mural photographer, Niba DelCastillo, on the above shot.
He does some awesome things with skies and angles sometimes.
Update: see end of post*
It is being worked on now so I’m eager to see what it will become.
In looking at Google maps, it looks like it was a house most recently with several additions that covered up most of this original building.
It’s very small so they’ll have to add something to it, I think, but I hope they are preserving this structure.
These next photos were taken in Prescott a few weeks ago on Whiskey Row, their historic saloon-laden street.
In May, one of the old bars, the Bird Cage, burned down, along with 2 other businesses.
Livin’ on the Fringe
This is not the sort of shot I normally take (and I was across the street so he was unaware) but a couple people who saw it elsewhere liked it so I included it here.
I don’t think he needs work but he definitely needs some sort of help.
*Here is my original photo, edited by Niba himself in Dynamic Light and Snapseed (neither of which I have ever used).
Thanks, Niba, it’s very cool!
The language of flowers, sometimes called floriography, was a Victorian-era means of communication in which various flowers and floral arrangements were used to send coded messages, allowing individuals to express feelings which otherwise could not be spoken.
This language was most commonly communicated through Tussie-Mussies, an art which has a following today.
“Tussie-mussie” is a quaint, endearing term from the early 1400s for small, round bouquets of herbs and flowers with ­symbolic meanings (Wikipedia).
Apparently Kate Middleton chose her wedding flowers based on their symbolic meanings.
I’m currently reading a lovely novel called The Language of Flowers by Vanessa Diffenbaugh, set in present-day San Francisco, where the main characters do communicate through floriography (and photography is also one of the elements).
Poppy: Oblivion ~ Red Poppy: Consolation ~ White Poppy: Sleep
Sunflower: pure and lofty thoughts
Daffodil: chivalry
Pink Rose: friendship, grace ~ White Rose: I am worthy of you
Red Rose: true love
Who would think that delicious Basil represents hatred?
Geranium: gentility
Hibiscus: rare beauty, delicate beauty
Gerbera Daisy: innocence and cheerfulness
Marigold: despair and grief
Stargazer Lily: youthfulness and beauty
I can’t remember what this flower is.
Do you know?
One of the problems with flower meanings (and the characters in the novel encounter this, too) is that there are many language of flowers dictionaries and the meanings are not always the same.
Or the meanings can be entirely different depending on the color or subspecies.
I’ve been looking online and the sources are endless and often contradictory.
It’s a complicated and potentially dangerous art form.
If you’re going to communicate through flowers, you have to be cautious, I guess.
Or just make sure they’re really pretty.
Here are a couple of sources in addition to the Wikipedia article cited above: Language of Flowers and Phillips 1-800 Florals.
And, if you read and like The Language of Flowers, try this one, too: Hot House Flower and the Nine Plants of Desire by Margot Berwin; it relies on plant properties, too, and is very lush and fanciful.
This is Jesus Saves by Francisco “Enuf” Garcia, done in 2011.
He says his large-scale piece is personal; it’s a self portrait and a public display of his experiences and his beliefs.
Read more here.
He now attends art school in Los Angeles but returns to Phoenix often and says, “There’s nothing like Phoenix.
It’s the place where I started painting seriously, and a spot I still want to come back to every chance I get.”
Wanna see him painting a mural in San Francisco recently?
A few blocks from this mural is the one below.
The owner of the house makes accessories out of old inner tubes.
You can read about it here.
Cherry Bombin
And, closeby, at an apartment complex…don’t know anything about it…
Do you ever watch the PBS show, History Detectives?
I love it!
So here is my little mystery, one of them anyway.
I bought this bracelet in 1972 or 1973 in an import shop in West Lafayette, IN (home of my first alma mater, Purdue University).
Later, I ran into the owner in a restaurant while I was wearing it.
He told me he had purchased it himself in Afghanistan and that it was an Afghan tribal bracelet.
He said it was 75 years old which makes it well over 100 now.
I have always loved it and wear it often but I’ve always wondered if that’s what it really is.
It’s very heavy and even has holes in some places in the silver that go all the way through.
It has no maker marks or hallmarks.
It was also cracked so after I moved to Arizona I took it to a Native American jeweler who reinforced it with a large piece of silver that you can see here (below).
So fast forward to a day in early 1999 when I got my weekly Time magazine in the mail.
I remember staring at the cover for a few seconds; I wasn’t that interested in Hip Hop or Lauryn Hill, really, and then it dawned on me.
She was wearing a bracelet identical to mine!
You have to look at it from the right angle to recognize it and the prong things are not visible in the shot of her (above).
Here’s another shot of her wearing it, although blurred…you can see the prongs here.
Over the years, I’ve tried to contact her a few times, through her website and Twitter, to see what she knows about her bracelet, where she got it, but I’ve never heard back.
I’ve also tried, for years, to find another one online to see if it’s really Afghan but I have never found it and the Afghan tribal bracelets I have found don’t really look like it.
But…get this, I have searched for info about her bracelet and have found numerous references to it, most recently in a June 2012 article here.
“Before she retired, she was photographed on the cover of Time magazine wearing a bracelet with the Illuminati pyramid with the Eye of Horus on it.”
I never perceived my bracelet that way and just don’t believe it and would it be an Afghan tribal bracelet if that were true?
I can see the pyramids, obviously, and I can see the 4 eyes on each end of the bracelet, although I never recognized them as eyes until I began reading about it.
So…do you think my bracelet symbolizes the Illuminati???? Does the Illuminati even exist?
Or is it a conspiracy theory?
And since when is the Eye of Horus evil?
The Eye of Horus is an ancient Egyptian symbol of protection, royal power and good health (Wikipedia).
A lot of mysteries and histories, huh?
I was thinking of submitting it to History Detectives but their emphasis seems to be on things relevant to American history.
Of course, I can try.
And one of the History Detectives, Dr. Eduardo Pagán, is a history professor at Arizona State University, my real alma mater, right here in town, so I could email him also.
Since I now wrote it up here, with pictures, I guess I will just send it off to them.
What do you think?
I was going to show a couple of other pieces of jewelry today but this got too long so, if you’re into jewelry, stay tuned.
Some of them have stories, too…
