Promise me you won’t leave
And I promise I’ll stay forever
Promise that you’ll love me
And I promise I’ll do whatever
Promise me the moon
And I promise you the sun
Promise me the stars above
And I promise you already won
Promise me a wish
And I promise you a dream
Promise me no broken hearts
And I promise you a scheme
Promise me you’ll promise
To do what must be done
But don’t forget, a promise
Can become a broken one.
That poem was inspired by the promise I made to the filly the last time I saw her before she went away: to be back.
It doesn’t matter how much you mean what you say: a promise is a promise, and a promise can always be broken.
Anyway, moving on to something more cheerful, I want to clear up some stuff.
In my last post, I mentioned lost progress, but I’ve also mentioned (some time ago, really) that the filly was much less shy.
That was true for a time, but at this point she’s skittish again, although hopefully not as much as she was before.
What I was trying to stress was the broken connection; it was like she didn’t know me.
She wasn’t really scared of me, but she wasn’t of anyone.
It was like I was just one in the crowd, and that was almost as sad as when I learned she was gone in the first place.
What if I’d known?
What if I had known that she was leaving, but in nine long months, I would see her again?
It was like my promise had never been broken… only compromised.
So is a damaged promise better than a broken one?
Onto the clinic:
I got up at 6 45 and got ready; we left at 8. Once at the barn, I visited with the filly and generally just hung around with the girls at the barn and Bonnie as they readied their horses (Bonnie had already gotten Tonka ready for me, since I couldn’t be there the night before).
We left with Tonka and a pony from the barn, Jack, and when we got there, unloaded and groomed and hung around some more while waiting for Jen to arrive (she had to make an extra trip to pick up a horse).
Once she was there, everyone tacked up and we headed out to the ring.
Basically what we did was practice with different types of jumps, and longer courses.
The facility was really nice.
It even had a huge covered ring with lights, and footing that was shredded carpets mixed with sand (probably around $600,000 overall), although we didn’t ride there – just walked out our horses.
It was amazing.
I had a ton of fun.
:D Tonka got fast once, but he was pretty good otherwise.
I really need to get better with my leads, though.
:( I can’t even check them anymore.
I know that I need to be looking for one leg going out further than the other, but I can never tell.
It’s so embarrassing.
I want to ask Bonnie how to check them, but that’s even more embarrassing – I’ve been riding and cantering for years, and I pick now to tell her I don’t really know how to check my leads?
I mean, sometimes I guess right, but others I don’t.
I’m just lucky that Tonka always changes  them for me if they’re wrong.
*sigh*
Well, that’s what went down this weekend.
Peace.
:)
I owe you all (*waves to empty space*) an explanation.
It’s been so long… It feels strange to be blogging again.
Strange, but kind of nice.
In a weird, unfamiliar way.
This year has flown by so fast.
I can’t believe May is already half over – I can’t even believe it’s May.
It feels like stuff keeps happening, and I can never catch up.
Some of it I won’t say here, since I’ve learned that no matter how much you want something to be private – well, it’s the internet.
Nothing’s private.
So some things I can’t say… but other than what I can’t tell, I’ll give you the lowdown: 
Well, for one thing, I’ve moved this week.
We’ve been in the process of selling our home since… well, a while, and I’m glad we’re finally out.
I’ve been so stressed out, thinking about money – I still am, but it’s easier not to panic when we’re renting such a nice house for now.
It’s by the beach; yay :) 
School has been taking up a lot of my time, but I haven’t even thought about blogging; to be honest, I never thought I’d update here again.
But I’ve been thinking, and I want a record of this time.
Besides, it’s a good way to process my thoughts.
Ugh – I really don’t feel like blogging about RL right now, so I’ll just skip to who I actually do want to write about: the filly.
My filly.
For a while after she came back, I was hesitant about approaching her again.
I could remember the hurt, and I know that she won’t be here forever.
I have no idea how much longer we have.
I thought, it might just be better for me to distance myself from her now – build up a kind of wall between us, and block out the hurt.
That’s what I did for a couple months – I basically treated her like any other horse.
Then I realized what I was doing.
This was  the horse I literally sobbed over nine months after I’d last seen her.
We had something special, some kind of connection.
And to let that go to waste now that I had the opportunity to be with her again was appalling.
One really disappointing thing was all of our lost progress.
Before, she was always happy to see me, and came as soon as I called her.
Now it was like she didn’t even know me; I couldn’t hold her head, and I most certainly couldn’t call her in and out of her paddock at will.
But, over time and the short visits I’ve had with her, we’re slowly getting back to where we were.
She changed a little during her stay… well, Elsewhere, but she’s still my pretty girl, and I love her just as much.
Today was a pretty big landmark for me.
I went to a clinic with Bonnie, Jen (Bonnie’s trainer), and girls from the barn on Tonka.
It was really fun, but maybe I’ll talk about that tomorrow.
Anyway, so I had some time at the barn, and I visited the filly.
First, I was in for a shock.
Her cut was SO much bigger.
It goes through these cycles where it gets very large in the summer, and practically heals up completely in the winter.
Bonnie and me think that it’s because of the flies: in the summer, she gets itchy, and rubs her face.
Once she reopens her wound, the flies swarm on it, and it itches more.
It’s terrible.
I wish I could have her – but my family doesn’t have the funds, and more importantly, I don’t have enough knowledge or experience, for that.
Still – I can dream, and I hope that one day I am able to buy her, once I’ve moved out and have a job with which to support all of the expenses.
She and Luna had also switched stalls, she was shod, and her whiskers were trimmed (which is a big thing for me, since she’s NEVER had her whiskers trimmed as far as I can remember).
Once I said hello, and scratched the poor girl’s face (her cut looks so terrible, it’s got some yellowish thing in it.
I think that may be the medicine they put on it, but I can’t tell), I went out to the paddock fence and called her: Heyyy, pretty girl.
I clicked a few times, and she came out to meet me.
It’s not the single-call instant greet we were at before, but it’s a huge step in the right direction.
(I would have taken a picture of her, but my phone was almost dead and it wouldn’t let me use the camera.)
I feel so bad, though.
Her cut itches so much, at first she only scratched herself on her hay and didn’t bother to eat it.
I asked Bonnie if a fly mask might help her, and she said it might, but you’d be hard pressed to get one on her.
She’s right.
I just wish she weren’t so wild… but the sick thing is, that’s why I was first attracted to her.
But now that I know her, I just want her to feel better.
Anyway, it’s getting late, so I’ll have to leave off for now.
I’m always surprised at how much I type once I get into it.
This is definitely something I need to continue, and I’ll make a note to keep updating.
Hopefully weekly, but I’ll see how it goes.
It’s good to be back.
:)
First we met,
On that fateful summer’s day
First I saw you,
And my heart melted
Faster than the sun would allow
Your eyes were soft and trusting
Although your plight was great
My heart went out to you
And so our bond was made
You knew me more than others
You came at a single call
My heart would swell with love
When I looked at you
But then you went away
And my dreams and hopes
Were crushed by cruel reality
Yet I could not stop myself
From wishing, praying, yearning
To see you again
One day a message came
That made my heart spring forth
And jump for joy
I could not believe
The words I read
How long had it been?
A month?
A week?
A year?
But you had returned
Soon I was able
To see you again
But now you do not remember
Those fateful summer days
When I would laugh and cry with you
And we would escape reality together
Now I can’t help but build up a wall
Between us – you and I
A wall I never before
Would have dared to create
For what will happen now?
Will it be a month?
A week?
A year?
When will I lose you again
To cruel reality?
How can I bear it again
The pain that I went through
But how can I stand
To not reach out to you?
You’re different now—
They’ve changed you
But your heart is still the same
Your soul, too
Remains as it was
On that fateful summer’s day
Love, something in
My gut tells me
To give it one more try
And that “to love and lose
Is better than not to love
You at all”
Let’s do this now, together
Working at it
You and me
Let’s do this now, together
We’ll make it, girl
You’ll see
Is it possible that my filly’s return was a Christmas miracle?
I don’t mean to get all sentimental, or foolish, but… it just seems like it was too amazing to be a coincidence.
Anyway, Merry Christmas!
Or Happy Holidays, depending on if you celebrate it.
I had a very pleasant day – mainly because I didn’t have to go to my father’s house at 10 00 AM like last year, which ruined Christmas entirely.
Bastard.
(Moving on.)
It was lovely.
I spent a lot of time with my family, including my grandpa, and tomorrow my mom and I are going to go shopping.
I’m going to my dad’s at noon, which is why I’m on so late (I’m getting up at 6 45 AM, gah).
I have to do laundry and pack, since I won’t have time tomorrow.
*headdesks repeatedly* Why didn’t I do this sooner?
I felt like I left out Luna/Houdini when I wrote before.
Well, let me sum it up with this picture:
Get away, bitch!
Luna’s grouchier than usual.
Then again, that might be because she doesn’t remember me – who knows?
But I missed her, too.
Mostly because I loved watching her and the filly touch noses.
She’s prickly, but not altogether unkind.
Sort of like the characters you see in books.
I don’t know.
I feel a kind of wry affection for her.
*shrugs*
I so wanted to see her again – the filly, that is – today, it being Christmas and all.
But I can’t just randomly show up at the barn and crawl through the fence, you know?
Bonnie wasn’t going today, so I couldn’t ask if I could stop by (however awkward that might have been).
I  won’t be able to see her tomorrow, either.
AUGH.
I want to see her again.
I need to see her, so I can reassure myself that she’s still there; that she hasn’t disappeared, like a shadow in the night.
I pray that we’ll have a little longer to be together this time.
I actually burst out crying.
We considered going straight to the barn before my lesson, but I'd get there too late.
So we went straight there.
When I got to Bonnie's, she verified that the filly was indeed back.
She didn't know why – but it turns out that she'd been back for a while, but Bonnie hadn't known it was her.
After my lesson, I went over to Bonnie's dad's house (have I mentioned she lives with him now?) for a sleepover.
(We watched Home Alone.
Best movie ever.)
In the morning, we went to the barn.
She was there.
I don't know how long I spent stroking her, and telling her I loved her.
She was different – better trained; less scared.
Her face is now dappled gray, too.
Soon I think she'll look like that all over.
That's how Luna looks.
Apparently, Jon sent both fillies to some place in hopes of selling them.
I don't know how it worked exactly, or really any details, but I guess they were trained while they were there.
The other day, a man came out and rode her! She's still green, especially when you consider her age, but she's much improved.
I just hope that this time we have a little more time to spend together before she's sold (I think Jon may not be trying to sell them anymore; I hope not).
She remembered me – or, at least, I think she did.
She would follow me in and out of her stall (like, through her paddock) and when I walked a long way down by the fence before calling to her, she… I don't know what to call it – it was between a trot and canter.
*shrugs*
I love her so much.
God, I love her.
I want to stay with her forever.
I don’t want to have my heart torn again.
Since she was less skittish this time, I was able to take a picture of her!
I took two, actually, but only one turned out well since I took  them on my phone.
She doesn't look too great in the picture – she's more beautiful in person – but it means so much to me just to be able to see her. :-) 
I don't want a lot for Christmas
There's just one thing I need
I don't care about the presents
Underneath the Christmas tree
I just want you for my own
More than you could ever know
Make my wish come true
All I want for Christmas is...
You
Allow me to narrate the events in the order that they happened:
December 20th was the Solstice.
It's the longest night in the year.
I was at my dad's that night, where they celebrate the Solstice by lighting the Yule Log (it has holes drilled in it so we can put candles in).
As each person lights their candle, they make a wish.
My sister and I "partnered up" and both lit our candle at the same time.
We each made a wish.
My wish was, I wish I could see the filly again.
I was thinking that, with that wish, I would let her go in the new year.
Later, we returned home with our mom.
I did schoolwork until around 3 (I had to make an ethnic dish for my world history class.
I made Welsh Tea Cakes; they were surprisingly good).
Then my mom and I drove to Bonnie's, where I would have my lesson.
I'd had to charge my phone earlier in the day, and so I hadn't checked my text messages.
I did so in the car.
I had a text from Bonnie, so I opened it.
I lurched forward and said "oh my god."
This is what the text said:
Bonnie (1)
{Mon.
Dec 21 01:10 pm 
Guess what?
The filly is back!!!}
I have to go clean my room right now, but I'll finish this later.
Sorry I have to leave you on a cliffhanger.
^^;
That’s it.
I have to do it.
I’m afraid he’ll fucking kill me, but I have to visit Jon.
Yes, the previous owner of the filly.
The gun-owning drunk Jon.
I’m also going to ignore the embarrassment of going in front of the barn girls.
I’m going to ignore embarrassing Bonnie.
I’m going to ignore Jen thinking I’m stupid.
I have to do it.
GOD, I CAN’T FUCKING LIVE WITH THIS.
I’ll have no choice if he doesn’t have her papers, or a location, or something.
I’ll have to live with it.
But I can’t live, thinking there’s something I might be able to do in order to find her.
I’m too FUCKING SHY! GOD.
If there is a divine force up there – God, Allah, Vishnu, or something else entirely – grant me strength.
Grant me courage.
Please, please let things go smoothly.
Let me find my filly.
Let her be safe.
Let her remember me….
please.
God, please!
I’m begging you.
I can’t… I can’t do this anymore.
I need to know.
I can’t always wonder.
So… please.
Please help me.
I promise I’ll make an effort to have faith, and to keep up with my school, and defeat my procrastinating habits.
Dear Lord/Allah/Vishnu/someone-else-entirely… I am begging you, help me find the love of my life, my filly, again.
---
If anyone actually still reads this forgotten blog, I’d love to contact you.
You can send me an email at frozen.smiles@live.com
(I also have MSN, so if you’d rather talk via that, ask me for it).
Hopefully some creepy 50-y/o man doesn’t contact me.
But right now, I just need someone who understands this.
I can’t let out all this angst and fear and grief to any of my friends.
At this point, I’ve made it into a joke with Bonnie because of my accursed shyness, and to tell my other friends would make things… awkward.
They don’t know this side of me; this side that wants to scream and die if I can’t see her (don’t worry, the “dying” is a very small, irrational part that’s always largely outvoted).
Or, if they do, they haven’t told me.
Originally, I came here to rant about some irritating thing that happened this morning.
I felt like expressing myself, so I came here.
Came back.
It feels like so long ago that I wrote those entries – has it really not even been a year since she was sold?
In three days, it will be exactly 9 months since I found out.
Needless to say, I’ve become a lot less active in that time.
And I know that, time and again, I’ve said things like “I’ll be back soon!” and “Look forward to things picking up again!”
I’m making no such promises this time.
Why?
Because she’s not coming back.
She won’t be found.
I’m never going to see her again.
Looking back on this blog, all the feelings – the love, the joy, the grief, the hurt  - are all rushing back, as raw as they ever were.
God, I forgot how much I loved her.
I forgot how my heart would almost split in two when I had to break our combined gaze.
I forgot how she felt like a beacon of hope whenever I felt like my life was crashing down on top of me.
Have I mentioned I can’t even remember what she looks like?
I try and try, but… nothing.
After reading my past entries, I’ve found out that I don’t want to forget.
I’ve never loved a creature so passionately before; frankly, I doubt I ever will again.
I’m going to write down every scrap of a memory I have of her, in as much detail as possible.
Anything I can remember – her scar, the infection, and even that one time a rat was perched in the torn netting of her stall.
So, that way, when I’m older, I can look back on this, and remember the first time I’ve loved an animal absolutely, so entirely that without her, my heart feels like a hole has been punched in it, and it won’t ever mend.
Whenever I read this, the hole gets a tiny bit bigger.
But it’s worth it.
It was all worth it.
A great poet once said, “'Tis better to have loved and lost / Than never to have loved at all.”
These are in no particular order, seeing as I can no longer remember the order myself.
A dream.
I’m lunging the filly in a circle – I think it was supposed to be natural horsemanship, but I was getting her to trot over a pole at the same time.
Suddenly, she disappeared off my lunge line, and “trotted” to Bonnie’s shadowed form in the distance.
Was I subconsciously afraid she would bond more with “leader” instead of me?
Or was it something else?
Two girls from the barn were teasing her with a carrot, making her run along the fence beside them.
She was getting really aggravated, and they still wouldn’t give it to her.
I told them to do so, and they did.
I stayed and tried to get close to her, but she was too strung-out – she kept pacing.
In the end, she started following me up and down the fence, although she knew I didn’t have anything.
Then she let me scratch her face and rub her neck.
I was getting to see the filly!
Yay! Once I got past the ring, and hopefully out of earshot, I quietly called, “Herrre, pretty girl!”
She immediately did a gaited trot out to meet me.
I thought my heart would burst.
From then on, when I called her, she would come and meet me if I were outside when she was in, or vice versa.
I was in the back barn by her stall, coaxing her towards me so that I could rub her face.
I noticed a rat (they’re actually really cute, and it looked more like a mouse – but it was a rat) on the “window-sill” (I don’t know what else to call it) beside me.
I backed away at first, but then ignored it and went back to petting her for a while.
I noticed that the rat didn’t bother her at all.
Was she used to it?
Carl was trying to put medicine on her sore.
I almost cried out, seeing her so scared.
I can’t remember – one of the times, he globbed some on, but on another day, he couldn’t, and so I did.
She was quieter for me than she was for him.
Was it only because I was female, or did she know me?
The filly has a beautiful coat.
I don’t know how to describe it.
“Smokey buckskin”?
“Grulla”?
I don’t know.
It looked like the horse’s coat in the picture bellow – in fact, exactly.
They describe has as a “Smokey buckskin.”
So, I guess I’ll call it that.
Her eyes were dark brown; limpid pools of innocence and trust, but guarded by a wall of hurt.
And her scar… the skin on the right side of her face, in between her eye and muzzle,  was always rubbed raw.
Sometimes it would ooze bits of blood or pus, and during the summer flies caked onto it.
It would sometimes have bits of shavings stuck on it, too.
It was red, and not very deep, but extremely big – literally taking up most of the space between her eye and muzzle.
They said she might have an internal blood infection, and would need veterinary treatment.
I remember that when the vet came to see her, since she couldn’t be handled, they had to sedate her (as in, make her fall asleep).
Her stall was a dirt one, and, in my opinion, it never had enough shavings.
Even now, no shavings are put in there.
I don’t think having hard-packed dirt makes up for that, but maybe that’s just me.
Next door was Luna/Houdini/the “bigger filly,” a gray paso who was slowly turning white on her face and back (which is why I called her Luna).
There was torn netting between their stalls, and often they would touch noses and nip at each other through it.
They never kicked at each other.
They seemed to be good friends.
Across from “the little filly” was Heneral, a white paso fino gelding.
He’s gorgeous, and known for cribbing.
He has a large dent in his stall door.
Heneral is also so fat, you would swear he was pregnant.
He’s going to founder soon, I’m sure – I feel so bad for him.
He’s still there.
I visit Heneral, and almost cry because his friends left him – well, really, because they left me.
Heneral is all I have left.
He’s the only thing I can touch to remind me that I once knew a filly, who I loved with all my heart and soul.
The last time I saw her.
At first, she shied away from my hands as I slowly reached up to be close to her.
I crooned things like “It’s okay, pretty girl.
It’s okay.
You know meeee,” and she flicked her ears forward, and took a step towards the stall.
I began to rub her head, and scratch all her itches.
She never once pulled away or got scared, and I felt like I never wanted to leave her side.
Laura [Bonnie’s mom] honked her horn outside.
“Hey, Carly, we’ve gotta go!”
Pulling away from her was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done.
I turned and walked towards the car, looking back at her.
She turned her head and watched me.
I got in the car.
She never looked away – not once, ‘til I couldn’t see her anymore.
“I’ll be back,” I said.
“I promise I’ll always be back.”
It breaks my heart that I broke that promise.
Every single day.
GOD! *screams* If only I could go back in time, and stop myself from leaving her side.
Or tell her that things would be okay, even though we’d be separated.
Or even go back to the day she was trailer’d off, so I at least knew where she was.
For all I know, she could be on her way to a glue factory right now.
It makes me want to… kill something.
Kill whoever took her from me.
I want them to feel my hurt, my loss, my grief; my anger.
I want them to see my tears and beg for forgiveness.
I know not everything will ever go my way; I’m not some fucking spoiled brat.
But when you take away the thing I love the most, stuff is going to happen.
*disclaimer: I’m not going to kill anyone.
That would be unhelpful in finding the filly (although let’s face it, she’s gone forever).
Yes, I’m a day late, but I had a very busy day, so I’m excusing myself.
Tonight, I want to fill you (the online audience who I apparently had at one point, but have likely lost during my lapse in entries) in on horse camp.
I don’t want to give out its name – after all, I may go back next year – but I have to call it something, so I’ll call it “HC” for Horse Camp.
How clever of me.
Sunday afternoon (around 11 30 am), my family [Jill, my mom, my grandma, and my great-aunt] all set out to drive to the camp.
It’s in… um, Timbuktu, which is around three and a half hours away from where I live.
So, we drove.
Nothing really exciting about that.
I don’t know what I thought HC would be like.
Well, horsey, but having a) never been to a sleepaway camp and, b) never been to a horse camp, I didn’t have much experience to base my guesses off of.
But when we arrived at *cough* Timbuktu, I was filled to the brim with nervous-excited anticipation.
I immediately met one of my two roommates upon arriving – lI’ll call her Legs.
Actually, at camp we never called her by her first name.
We called her by her camp name (she’d been to HC before), which was Legs.
Obviously.
This was because, when she first came to HC, her legs were really long in proportion to her body – she’s grown into them now, but since there were 2 girls with her same name, she needed a nickname.
So she was Legs.
I carried my bags up to my room, said goodbye to my mom and cringed as my great aunt & grandma got all embarrassing.
They didn’t come just to see me off, by the way – I’m not that sheltered!
*laughs* My grandma wanted to visit an old friend, and since we were already going down that way, she hitched a ride.
My great-aunt was going to a nearby theme park (I won’t say which one… but it’s well-known!) with my sister and mother… when I couldn’t go.
Because I was at camp.
UN-fair!
Once I’d put my stuff in the corner (I was in room 3 – 3 beds, 3 girls, a TV with DVD player/VCR, and the only room with its own bathroom!
The other girls shared the one in the hall), we went down to the ring.
Here we were going to ride some random horses just so that the instructor could evaluate our riding levels and pair us with AM (English) and PM (Western) horses for the week.
We called her Tweety, and I dare not call her by any other name.
Tweety is the scariest fricking person I have ever met.
She’s frightening.
You just have to respect her.
It’s impossible not to.
I rode Zia, a paint mare – probably the oldest horse I’ve ever met.
Honestly, I think she should be retired.
Yes, she can still work, but for God’s sake, she’s about 30 years old!
Why are you making her trot around the fucking ring all summer?!
Anyway, to quote Tweety, I was “seriously underhorsed on Zia.” Meaning… I would do much better with a more challenging horse.
No surprise, considering I learned to ride on Tonka.
(I got to jump him today!!!
I missed him so much)
Now, it’s nearing 30 past midnight, so I should stop here.
Let me wrap this up – I’ll post more about camp tomorrow… 
We finished riding and dismounted, then went to untack and hose off our horses.
During this time, I met my other roommate – Anna.
Naturally crimped hair (she straightens it – why?
It’s fantastic!), streaked with different-coloured Sharpies.
She’s pretty awesome.
I love Legs & Anna – I can’t believe they stayed for two sessions – that is, two weeks.
I miss them soooo much already.
:-( 
I’m not going to go too much into my roommates here – this is my horse blog, after all – so let me just say we got along amazingly.
I love you, Anna & Legs!!! NIBN!
Thus concludes this episode of “TBK’s Barn Life.”
Tune in tomorrow for more entries about camp!
Whoo-hoo!
A lot of things have happened since my last entry.
So much, in fact, I decided it was worth it to start up this blog again.
I’m never going to “get over” the filly, but I can at least honor what time I had with her by keeping this blog going – this blog I’ve dedicated to her.
First off, I went to horse camp.
My first sleep-away camp, actually, if you don’t call that sea-camp I went to for 3 days – true, it was sleep-away, but I don’t consider that to be camp.
I mean, after all, I went with all my friends, and I roomed with my besties… it’s just not the same thing, you know?
I’ll go into more detail about horse camp tomorrow – I promise I won’t forget!
– but right now I just wanted to make a quick update.
I don’t have much time, as Bonnie’s sleeping over (:-D) and we’re going to set up the air mattresses very soon.
Okay, so I’ve been reading the Clique series (I admit it!
It’s fluff, okay?
My guilty pleasure) lately, and I feel like taking a leaf out of the main character, Massie’s, book.
She makes “state of the union” lists, and shows what’s in and what’s out.
It’s a pretty spiffy way of organising things, actually, so I’m going to give it a shot.
First I’ll post the order, then what I meant by the “in” and “out.”
For it to make sense, you really have to read it left-to-right, instead of first the “in” things and then the “out”.
‘Kay?
August 1st: Current State of the Union
In…………………Out
Pies………………Flies
Jordan Pruit……………Taylor Swift
Green……………Pink
@ “Pies & Flies” – I came back from horse camp Sunday afternoon (around 11), and I was really hungry.
At camp, they made all our food for us – no microwavable burritos!
Imagine that!
– so I wasn’t looking forward to driving allll the way back home, and then making my own dinner.
(Ick.)
So we bought a pie – a yummy apple pie!
Woot!
The flies reference seems obvious – all the pie, without the flies.
Hee hee~
@ “Jordan Pruit & Taylor Swift” – On Sunday night (8/1) my sister, Nica, Lexa and I went to Demi Lovato’s concert.
Jordan Pruit was one of the two opening acts (the other was David Archuleta).
After the concert, Jordan Pruit signed autographs.
She was really nice – we met her!
She signed my shoe, Nica’s cup, Jill’s paper, and Lexa’s program.
Taylor Swift was always Nica’s idol, but upon meeting Jordan, that suddenly changed.
Nica has now decided Pruit is her favorite artist (JB being her favorite band), her idol, and she’s set off to learn all of her songs.
@-@; Ah, Nica.
She’s so… obsessive sometimes.
I love her, though!
@ “Green & Pink” – Upon going to camp, I guess I… matured a little.
Well, maybe immatured!
Basically, now I’m a lot more interested in guys (before I was like, “Sure, he’s cute, whatever, I don’t care.”
It wasn’t that I didn’t notice – it just seemed unimportant) and less… babyish stuff.
Like the color pink and stuffed animals.
My room is hot and baby pink – gah! It’s so hot in there because of the color.
I’d love to repaint it seafoam green.
I thought about putting “In: Boyfriends” and “Out: Best Friends,” but that’s not true.
I’ll always love my girlies more <3.
That’s all for now.
I swear I’ll update tomorrow.
I just don’t have time right now! :’( I’ve missed writing, though – I didn’t realise that.
I haven’t posted for nine days (I know I do weekly updates, I’m sorry!) because there hasn’t been much to report.
Well, that isn’t true.
I just don’t feel like writing about it.
I had a lesson... great.
I have a field trip... great.
I had a class, and a report.
Great.
I’m not one of those people who decide that they’ve “given up” on life, or living.
In my opinion, that’s a load of crap.
If you “give up” on life, then it’s your life.
If you’re still doing something, then you’re a liar.
You can say, “My life feels pointless.”
Sure it can.
Go ahead and make the best of it.
Still, no law says I must write, and I’ll admit that I’ve felt depressed at the thought of typing up this entry.
“So, I did [text] at my lesson, and this happened, and then that, and then this...” Don’t get me wrong, I’m generally happy where I am in life.
Just not about this topic.
Because what am I going to write about?
I started this blog for the filly.
I wanted to record our progress; my feelings.
Important events.
Well, here’s an important event: she was sold.
I haven’t seen her since.
Now, there’s a slight fucking chance that I could see her again, but no matter how many times I remind Laura about calling her friend for maybe a twenty fucking minute meet-up, it’s always, “Yes, I remember, I’ll get to it” or “Right, I’m on it” or “Oh, sorry, I totally forgot.
Yeah, okay, thanks for reminding me, I’ll get to it.”
And I’m tired of it.
I’m not trying to bitch and moan about my life, and certainly not Laura – I love her to death, you know that – but it’s almost like, what’s the point?
No one seems to understand the importance of it all.
“Oh, it’s just a horse.
And look, my taxes are due.
I should pay those.”
That is important, but so are my needs.
Right now, I’m back to fucking crying when I think about her.
Which means what?
Basically, that I’ve given up.
My subconscious has accepted it; I’m never going to see her again, so now is the time to grieve.
This doesn’t mean I won’t see her again.
But it pisses me off that the one thing I need right now, the one thing that will make me insanely happy, everyone seems to think is so trivial that they can’t clear their busy fucking schedules.
And that’s a really fucking sucky thing to think.
But, contrary to how it might sound, my life isn’t a total hellhole right now.
I got to video chat with my grandpa this morning, I do have a field trip to a great, interesting place on Friday, and Nica and Lexa might get to go.
If their little twin siblings are born tomorrow, that is.
If they aren’t born by Friday, their surrogate will be having a C-section.
And my sister, Jill, is promoting to her black belt (probationary level) this Saturday.
I’m really proud of her, and she’s very nervous.
*laughs*
A lot of good things, and little bad.
It just saddens me that no one seems to know that there’s a difference.
Okay, now I'm worried
About you and me
and new pine trees
Okay, now I'm thinking
About fabled true love
And lack thereof
Okay, now I'm learning
About moving on
And ill-kept lawns
Okay, now I'm deducing
About moving home
And whispering domes
Okay, now I'm crying
About things I've lost
At too high a cost
My heart; lose its laugh
My voice; lose its song
My mind; lose its wit
My tongue; lose its taste
My sense; scrape along
My soul; now debased
I need to see you again... why can't anyone seem to understand that?
It's not a want; a desire to see the pretty horsie.
I've trusted in you more than almost anyone on Earth - probably more than any human.
I just react with some animals that way, and you, especially.
Your soul is like spun silver.
It purifies those tainted by all those days when we feels we're "scraping along," bourgeoisie-style.
I'm a retarded poet.
Deal with it.
And, stupid though it may be, I keep thinking about what the filly might be thinking.
Does she think I abandoned her? Has she forgotten?
Or is she thinking I'll be back soon enough, right on schedule?
What about her new home?
Does she know it?
Is she scared, or is everything okay, since she has her friend...? The disaster scenario running through my head came to be thanks to the following lyrics (You Found Me, Fray):
Lost and insecure, you found me, you found me
Lying on the floor, surrounded, surrounded
Why'd you have to wait?
Where were you?
Where were you?
Just a little late, you found me, you found me.
But in the end everyone ends up alone
Losing her, the only one who's ever known
Who I am, who I'm not and who I wanna to be
No way to know how long she will be next to me
Lost and insecure, you found me, you found me
Lying on the floor, surrounded, surrounded
Why'd you have to wait?
Where were you?
Where were you?
Just a little late, you found me, you found me.
George, George
George of the Jungle,
Strong as he can be.
(Ahhhhhhhh)
Watch out for that tree.
George, George,
George of the Jungle,
Lives a life that's free.
(Ahhhhhhhh)
Watch out for that tree.
When he gets in a scrape,
he makes his escape
with the help of his friend,
an ape named Ape.
Then away he'll schlep
on his elephant Shep
While Fella and Ursula
Stay in step.
Well...George, George
George of the Jungle,
Friend to you and me.
Watch out for that tree!
I never thought I’d see such resemblance between myself and George.
Poor little guy... by the time he’s warned, it’s too late for him to turn around!
What’s he supposed to do – drop from whatever height he’s at?
Probably wouldn’t work out so well.
Before anyone asks, no, I haven’t been swinging on vines.
Still, the two four-inch cuts on my neck (and bruises on my nape, shoulder, and shoulder blade – hmph!) do come partially from a tree.
And partially from Tonka.
*laughs*
Yesterday was my lesson, and I never got a chance to ask Laura about the filly.
Argh! I’m pretty pissed at myself, even though it wasn’t really my fault, considering what occurred.
Laura and Bonnie came from the chiropractor (Bonnie’s the only person I know, my age, who goes to the chiropractor.
She’s physically dead :D) to pick me up, and I completely blanked on asking Laura.
In my defense, they had just revealed Bonnie’s weight-losing scheme.
Basically, Bonnie has stopped eating.
She hasn’t eaten since Tuesday, and she’ll start eating again on Sunday.
Of course, Laura and I think this is the most horrific idea ever.
But, to quote Laura, “What can I do?
Shove food up her mouth?”
And so her new dieting ways pass the ministration.
I can kind of see why she’s doing it.
Although I’m sure everyone’s come to the solution that she’s anorexic, she’s not doing this to lose weight.
Well, obviously she is, but not for herself.
She’d like to start jumping Tonka again – at three feet, which is like jumping 6 feet for a pony.
He can do it – he has before – but she wants to be at the weight level she was before when she was jumping him.
So she wants to lose ten pounds.
And she already exercises a lot, but apparently that wasn’t working.
That doesn’t mean I approve, but like I said, I can see why she’s doing it.
So talk of that consumed the conversation in the car, and then I had to tack up Tonka, and then Laura’s friend/rebirthing client had arrived, and they were hanging out, and then I rode, and then we finished, and then Laura went into their session, and then my mom picked me up before they finished.
But, still – Bonnie’s coming over tonight, so maybe I can catch Laura for a few minutes to ask.
*crosses fingers* Only the right.
Before I go on to the lesson, I’d just like to squeal with joy for a minute.
My best friends, Nica and Lexa, are expecting another pair of twins.
That is, their parent’s surrogate mother (who had them, as well as their older brother) is due to have twins either this week or next week.
I’m completely excited – especially since Andrea promised to let me help shop for the clothes.
^^;; What?
I like buying cute little baby clothes.
I’ve been deprived.
*sniffle* 
We’re all waiting for you, Leely (...it’s a nick name) and Kai! <3
Now: lesson.
All right, so I tacked up Tonka, and then proceeded with the usual flatwork: walk, trot, change direction, walk, trot, change direction, “good boy!” and let him walk.
I did well at controlling him, and our flatwork was done pretty quickly.
Then the canter work – thrice around the ring in each direction if I’m doing well, and then more until I work out whatever I’m doing wrong.
Then the practice jump – trot up, over teeny crossrail, canter away.
Once.
Then the course.
My course was red to coop line (3 strides), around to the outside, to the green, sharp left turn back around, past the outside, to the diagonal, and then turn left and over the outside in the other direction.
It seemed pretty simple, but the green to the diagonal was going to be a sharp turn.
The first time Tonka was pretty wild, but we got through it.
The next time, however, he was worse – it was my fault, since I subconsciously thought “He’ll do better this time, so I shouldn’t be so firm,” even though I know I should never do that.
Anyway, I’d already let him get away with not turning right, after the green, and so this time Tonka jumped  to the left, and even though I kicked him with my outside leg, he still went crashing through the trees.
I leaned sideways over his neck, and the branch I crashed into went down – later, we were glad it had been rotten, and not green.
Then he jumped into the corner, and my glasses fell off.
I jumped the red to the coop so I could jump again without risking crushing my glasses, and then I dismounted and we looked together.
We’d just about given up when Laura appeared, saw my neck, said “Oh my god, what happened?”
(to which I cleverly responded “Um, I hit a tree.”) and then pointed out my glasses on the ground.
Perfectly unharmed.
It was freaky.
Anyway, I did the entire course (trotting the red to coop, then cantering the rest) and then I did it once more.
The jumps had been lowered to around a foot, and next week I have a feeling I’ll be jumping the same course, with the jump sizes back to normal.
I’m excited.
I will whip this course’s butt!
I swear it!
Tonka did well after the tree incident, so he still got a fat apple.
What a good boy.
*laughs*
written from my laptop, finished 10 10 AM [Thurs, April 16, 2009]
Posted by Kitten; TBK, Barn at 7:10 AM
2 COMMENTS:
sophie said...
oh my gosh i LOVE horse riding but I haven't been in a few years :( I've never cantered though wow what's that like??
I hope your bruises aren't too bad lol :(
thank you for your lovely comment, I love lucid dreaming and yeah you can kind of just think stuff up and it comes into your dream :D I'm no expert at it but I can make myself fly and stuff sometimes :)
A trick is to look at a lot of clocks or watch faces and mirrors during the day, so that you'll dream about it at night, only in the dream these things will look blurred or distorted to you so you'll realise you're dreaming :) Also people in dreams don't have fingers lol, it's usually all a blur so you could look out for that too.
If you realise you're dreaming and start to wake up (happens to me quite a bit) if you put your arms out in your dream and spin around (you know like when kids play aeroplanes lol) it keeps you in the dream.
I did that when i started to wake up and it kept me in the dream, but i forgot i was dreaming :(
APRIL 16, 2009 4:47 PM
Manny Furious said...
Everybody has something in common with Good ol' George... they just don't know it yet.
Good entry.
Keep up the good work...
First off, about the new layout: I’ve set up a poll, so I’ll let that determine which layout I end up using.
If you care about the look of my humble blog, check it out.
It’s to the right on the sidebar.
I’m going to keep it up there until May 2, at 12 00 AM – that is, one minute after it’s May 1, at 11 59 PM. *laughs* Anyway, let me know what you think.
Bonnie came over yesterday – it was fun.
We went to the park for about an hour and a half, and then went on the path that connects to the park and freaked ourselves out for around another 30 minutes.
Afterwards, we came inside and goofed off and took the dogs out, and finally watched a little Desperate Housewives.
My mom was hesitant to watch it, since it would mean we’d go to bed late, but I convinced her with my sparkling personality.
Yes, I did it.
I made Jill play a sound on her computer.
*cue applause* So my persuasive ways went something like this:
“So, mom!
I think we should watch Desperate Housewives.” –me 
“Um... I’m not sure...” –mom
“...Oh!
One second.
-rushes over to Jill’s computer- -fiddles with it- -mutters incoherently to said Jill-” –me 
“What are you doing?” –bonnie (xD)
“Shh! No! Go away!
...Okay.
-runs back to stand in frnot of my mom-” –me 
“So, mom!
I think we should watch Desperate Housewives.”
cue “ta-da!” music sounding from Jill’s computer
“-laughing- Okay, set it up!”
(click here to hear the same sound!
© Windows)
Aren’t I amazing?
Aren’t I fantastic?
It’s true; I won’t even bother to deny it.
That moment was one of the best quick-thinking-humor moments in my life.
I hold it dearly in my heart.
*cue dramatic sigh* 
Word of the day: cue!
Just in case you were wondering.
The reason I’m writing is to steam off a lot some of the impatient energy I’ve been building up.
You see, Bonnie’s cousins were in town last week, so I couldn’t have my lesson.
Ergo, could not pester Laura about the filly.
Ergo, she may have forgotten.
It takes all of my self control not to grab the phone and call, even though it’s 12 37 AM.
But, god, I just miss her so, so much.
It’s hard for me to understand that other people don’t seem to get, just from looking at me, the pain in my eyes.
Although in science class, the new girl – Courtnie, she’s insanely annoying.
I’ll probably talk about her at one point – has been looking at me like I’m kind of weird.
Then again, I might be seeing things just to satisfy myself.
That isn’t to say that other people haven’t noticed – Courtnie is just kind of obvious about it.
Although, again, I may be seeing things.
*shrug*
Anyway, Mrs. Ryan will be speaking, and it’ll be about something insanely boring – who would think forensic science could amount to so much speaking?!
I think Mrs. Ryan would be a great college professor.
Whoops, got off-track... Well, I’ll be sort of, um, zoning out (^^;), and I’ll start thinking of the filly (big surprise), and I’ll suddenly find myself starting at the gray table with a look of grief on my face.
At least, that’s how I think I look.
It’s certainly how I feel.
My lesson is tomorrow.
I’m going to ask Laura about the filly, and the woman who might own her.
Wish me luck that she remembered!
I’ll need all the luck I can get.
Thanks a lot, you guys – anyone who’s ever read this blog.
It’s so completely comforting to have people supporting me, or thinking I’m crazy for getting myself so involved in situations that really don’t need to include me.
So... thanks.
It really does mean loads.
–love, tbk 
p.s. Today – err, yesterday – is/was the 4-month “birthday” of barn life.
*laughs* I didn’t even notice!
I’ve gotten some feedback on the Bloggeries forum that I should try a new layout.
Um, so I did.
I’m not sure how I feel about it – I’d love to change it and make it a little less... gray... but I’m kind of a n00b when it comes to HTML.
If anyone actually cares, I’d appreciate additional feedback via commenting on this entry.
Thanks.
:)
edit.
Thanks, fairyhedgehog, for the html coding!
Now everything’s almost perfect here.
(: I would like to find a way to make the dots stretch for the entire background, but I’m not sure how to do that.
I’ll ask on the forum to see if any experts can help me out.
I’m pretty annoyed at myself that I haven’t blogged more this week.
I mean, from Thurs-Sun, I’m at my dad’s, with nothing else to do.
I’d like to blog, but I open a new post and my thoughts go blank.
Until, of course, right about when I’m brushing my teeth (with my totally awesome electric toothbrush for two minutes that I now can’t live without.
I’ve never had an electric toothbrush before… *squee*), when I’d really just like to go to bed.
You see my dilemma.
Anyway, I’ve had a lot of ideas for blogs – and, oddly enough, one of the subjects I remember being vaguely about grass.
How’s that for entertainment, huh?
Oh, god.
I’m turning into Jon! (not the ass – the confused cat owner in the newspaper.)
Which could probably have to do with the large number of Garfield comics I’ve been reading today.
Although, not as much as Jill – since Thursday, she’s read approximately 20 years worth of newspaper Garfield comics.
In order.
*implodes from fat cat overdose*
Speaking of fat cats, we went over to Kristyn&Kevin’s house (have I mentioned them?
Well, Krysten is Michele’s oldest daughter, and Kevin’s her husband).
And this vaguely relates since they have a blind, fat cat named Presley.
Or Pres.
Or Pretzel!
They found him on their doorstep (literally) and took him in (literally).
Then, later, they found out he’s blind.
So he doesn’t actually run, like, ever.
He slowly moves through the house and makes sure everything’s safe.
Which explains the chubbiness.
With his thick, fuzzy fur, his big eyes, and the slowness, it makes him seem like an adorable child (which is completely opposite to Lucy, their mutt with some greyhound.
She’s so hyper!
*laughs*) 
Anyway, we went over and had dinner and got devoured by mosquitoes and had a boring time (well, while we were outside.
Otherwise it was fun!) and had iced tea and then colored Easter eggs.
Oh, yeah, happy Easter!
We had a garage sale this morning.
I sat in the hot, hot sun for five freaking hours, and earned eight freaking bucks.
Eight.
As in, ten-minus-two-eight.
Jill earned the same.
I earned more money washing my mom’s car.
When I was, like, ten.
I forgot that about garage sale stands (we ran the sodas, fyi).
I’d go into why we had a garage sale, but that would take forever.
And this entry isn’t about the garage sale.
So hah.
Anyway, I obviously haven’t seen the filly, since I’ve been at my dad’s (damn him).
It sucks, because Laura’s pretty busy with her school (she’s in school, like, every day… I’m not sure exactly what she’s earning ^^;), and she has to do rebirthings (Laura specializes in liberation breathwork.
Google it), and substitute teaching, as well as regular mom pickup/dropoff stuff.
So I hate to ask her to just clear time and go talk to someone she thinks is insane just so I can see if a horse is or is not there.
And, oh my god, I pray she is.
So much.
I need to see her... You’d think that, after all this time (around two months, I think.
just saying), I’d stop thinking about her, but she occupies my thoughts whenever I’m just doing something quietly.
Which is why I kind of almost cried tonight, when Kristyn said, What’s the matter, pretty girl? to Lucy.
I haven’t heard anything from Laura, but I really hope she remembers about it.
I’m actually pretty doubtful – not that Laura wouldn’t care, but she doesn’t know how important it is to me that I know if she’s there or not.
It’s like this one last thread of hope, and I’m clinging to it, while dangling off of a building two hundred feet high.
I can hold on, and be rewarded when it grows into a sturdy rope – or I can climb to safety, before I fall into the darkness below me.
In case you haven’t noticed, I tend to find my own meanings in songs (often popular ones played by my favorite radio station...).
First was Untouched, by The Veronicas.
Next was Come On, Get Higher by... oh, I forget his name.
And now Halo, by Beyonce.
Look it up, if you want.
It’s really touched me.
Like the others, I didn’t think of the filly the first time I heard it, but suddenly she popped into my head, and now, like for the others, whenever I hear it, I desperately cling to that image – I can’t let it go.
I won’t.
...I don’t want to sound petty/mean/hurt her feelings, in case Duskeh is reading this (I’m not sure if she is or not – why would she?
But I don’t know what goes on in her head, so...), but quite frankly, this is my blog, so I can express my thoughts if I’d like to.
I’ve noticed I’m feeling a lot healthier – mentally – since our friendship ended.
I’m not staying up worrying about how mad she’ll be if I didn’t get on.
Or in tears after what she’d said to me that had hurt me – or what I’d said to her that had come out the wrong way.
I’m no longer torn between my virtual and real-life friends – I don’t have to feel guilty if I’m sleeping over with my BFFs, and I’m chatting with them instead of IMing on my laptop well into the night, like I could.
I’m totally free of that worry/guilt/anxiety, and I’m feeling totally energized.
I really hope it doesn’t sound mean to say this, but our relationship wasn’t healthy, anyway.
I mean, I wouldn’t get on and IM for a few months, and she’d go mute.
Like, in real life (we talked on the phone sometimes) – to her family; friends.
She might have been making it up (I don’t think so, but I can sometimes be gullible ^^; ), but regardless, the effect it had on me wasn’t healthy.
It meant I had to get on – had to be on for hours every week, or I’d risk hurting my friend.
Our relationship was almost like... an obsession with each other.
I don’t know.
But I can honestly say I’m glad I’m past it.
I’m trying to get my life in order (What?
A thirteen-year-old girl can’t have some dramatic self-sensing, um, revolutionary thinking time?
Idk.
xD).
I just had to get that off my chest.
:)
Okay, so if you’re the type of person who reads titles, you’ll probably assume that I just had/am having spring break.
Wrong-o!
I technically had a spring break, but it was more like a prison lovely vacation at my dad’s.
Damn him.
My mom went out of town, so we went there, and I took a vacation week in all of my FLVS [florida virtual school… have I ever mentioned it?
It’s an online school I take courses in] since I can’t ever seem to do any school while there.
My last few entries have been from there – since goodbye & hello, I think.
feeling creative was posted on the night before I went home.
Well, since then, a lot’s happened.
I guess I’d better make a list.
xD!
Got home Monday: went to Bonnie’s (she had spring break last week!) and went on a trail ride <3, hung out alllll day!
Tueday: hx/science class, ‘nother trail ride, hung out again ^^
Wednesday: went to the poollll!
Her grandparents were there Mon-Thurs.
They’re both over seventy, and they lifted stones, painted the garage, and did other such things.
They’re the healthiest, most active 70+ y/o’s I’ve ever seen.
I love them!
8D Her grandpa whistles and rakes and sweeps a lot, and her grandma cooks these HUGGGGEE meals, and is a desert chef, and they’re both generally very grandparent-y and awesome?
Oops.
Got off track – we went to their hotel and swam in the pool!
:D And hung out again.
Thursday: Jumping lesson.
Fun.
<3 Hung out again! Yaaaay!
xD
Friday: Show lesson (did I mention the last show was Sunday?
Whoops~).
Saturday: Hung out, did show prep like loading car, attaching trailer, and cleaning tack.
And jumped a lot (what?
Haven’t you ever jumped the awesomely awesome jumps while on foot?
If you fall, it’s even funner).
:P
Sunday… show.
And didn’t get to hang out because we were ubertired.
It was funny, though – right before we left to bring me back to my house, Bonnie said, “Oh, crap!
Spring break’s over!
;-;” I would’ve laughed if I hadn’t been so freaking tired <3
Yep. School kind of… failed that week.
But I had an easy school week, so *phew* there.
But, whatever.
I hate public school.
xD We always used to be able to hang out and ride and hang out some more and play board games and jump and swim and swing and go to the park and run and stuff.
Although, I don’t miss running.
But Bonnie gets home at 4 00 now, and then she has to go to the barn, so we only get to see each other once a week.
It sucks.
But summer’s on the way, right?
So that’ll be fun.
Especially since it hasn’t been hot enough to truly enjoy scootering a few miles to go get ice cream.
Especially since it’s, like, seven bucks for the two of us, and we have to pay ourselves.
So we should at least be completely dead by the time we get there.
It’s awesomely more fun that way.
8D
…Um, I got off track.
I’m a li’l hyper right now ^^;.
Okay.
Yeah.
So the show was yesterday, and we were going to get up at the late, late time offff… 2 30 AM! Yay! Luckily, I turned off the first alarm (It’s a voice-recording one.
I shrieked random things in it, and it sounds like something screaming and gargling at the same time).
It never wakes me up enough to get up, but it annoys me anyway.
Then the second, extremely effective alarm (which goes from soft beeping to screaming at the top of its lungs within five minutes), Bonnie turned off in her sleep.
We were just lucky I woke up at 3 40 AM, or else we might have missed the show or something.
Although Bonnie might’ve been up since 2 30 when I turned off the other alarm.
She just looks kind of dead when she’s not moving.
^^; It’s an exhaustion thing.
Anyway, this show was a double-points show.
And the last one wasn’t.
That was just a rumor; how irritating.
At least I know that the d/p shows are the first & last of the season now, which makes sense.
*shrugs* 
I got a first, second, third, fifth, sixth, & grand champion.
I also ended up being grand champion for a few of my classes out of the entire season.
We don’t know about the two entire divisions, yet, but it’s a possibility I got grand or reserve there, too.
Yay!
I didn’t like the judge – they said they liked it when your stirrups were too short, but mine weren’t, so they didn’t like me as much as a result.
But I do like their judging – every time, I scored what I thought I would (except for the fifth & sixth).
Woohoo!
We’ll see how I do when the end of the year congratulatory banquet comes around.
<3
It was the first show I’ve ever ridden in without seeing the filly beforehand.
Which wasn’t actually tough for me.
Like.
At all.
See, Laura finally asked Susan about the fillies yesterday while we were waiting for Bonnie to finish up getting Mister [Ponches’ Glory; thoroughbred who acts like a dumb puppy.
He’s huge and stupid and completely adorable because of it.
You’d have to see him to get it.
*laughs*] ready for the show.
We-ell, Susan is almost definitely correct (I’m serious, the woman’s omniscient or something.
She knows, like… everything).
And she says she thinks that the person who used to own the fillies (and Tonka, actually) – who’s kind of insane but is a good horsewoman (well, I’ve heard good and bad.
Good about her paso finos, bad about Tonka xD) bought them both back.
Which is actually very possible, since she often came to check up on them (especially my filly), and seemed to regret selling to an ass like Jon. *shrugs* This woman just happens to have a private barn, and trains Paso Finos without cruelty.
And show them.
And this woman just happens to like Laura.
So if Laura called her, we could go over there and I could see the filly – if she has the filly.
And then, since this woman just happens to live around five minutes away from Laura, and therefore around fifteen minutes away from my house, I could see her.
Like… a lot.
Now you know why I’m hyper.
Now, once you see that first “a,” I’m going to advise you to scroll past the block that follows.
If not… hey, it’s your vision.
;)aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *cough* 
Oh my god, god, god.
I’m not sure how spiritual/religious I am – like, if I believe in God, or if I’m spiritual, or an atheist, or, hell, maybe I’m Jewish or Muslim or Greek, I don’t know, nor care, really.
But I’m thanking God from the bottom of my heart right now.
Thanks to everyone who saw my pain, or tears, or reads this, or anything – anyone who hoped she was okay, or that I’d see her and Luna again.
Thank you so much.
Maybe it’s fate, or luck, or maybe there is some disembodied, powerful spirit/God/gods/goddesses/chakra up there looking after us – me.
I don’t care who or what it was.
But who/whatever you are… thanks.
It means a lot to have a heart again.
^^; To those of you who saw the previous, now deleted post, sorry about the rumpus that was caused.
A friendship ended, but I’m okay; all of that kind of made me see the light of some… things.
I’ve been feeling creative this evening; probably because I’m so happy about seeing my mom again tomorrow (she went to Virginia for a week, and it was “spring break”, apparently, so I’ve been at my dad’s for seven whole days.
Ugh).
I’m feeling very light right now.
But, then again, working with silvers, grays, blacks, and whites, always makes me feel… cleansed.
*shrug* 
I made this in Photoshop while fiddling with some new brushes.
I downloaded these scenery ones from Midnightstouch and I randomly started scribbling with one, which made a cool, charcoal…y… background.
I added the tree (also midnightstouch), and this cat pic I’ve always admired but could never really find a use for on dA.
© Dragarta, by the way.
The moon brush I downloaded from brusheezy.com.
Let me know what you think.
Looking at it now, I think it symbolizes loss, and, taking that cleansed feeling into consideration, renewal/rebirth.
Becoming okay with my situation.
Does that mean I’ll ever stop hoping and scheming to see my the filly until every last freaking miniscule chance is gone?
Hell no!
Lastly, I found this poem online, Souls Reborn.
It’s inspiring, and extremely well written.
“Brandon” is an amazing poet, whoever he is.
:)
Souls Reborn
Our voices joined in song
The day my soul met you
Flames of hate extinguished
My heart born again new
Our day of celebration
The kindred souls of two
The day you came into my life
And made my wish come true
The knife lies on the table
It’s cutting now is through
Life’s pieces taste as sweet as cake
’Cause I share this day with you
The flames dance in your eyes
The glow brightens my world
How could I ask for anything else
Than to share this with you girl
In a million coloured spheres
Our hopes and dreams drift to the sky
I smile as they float off together
Happy we stand side by side
A gift of hope we give each other
A promise to always be true
You splash my world with color
That had faded before I met you
The sun it sinks into the west
As this day comes to an end
But tonight in my thoughts you will remain
My beautiful, special friend
This day comes but once a year
You make every day brand new
I slip off with a feeling so warm
Wishing all your dreams come true
video games?
Okay, so I was thinking yesterday about video games (incidentally, I was playing Zelda and the Minish Cap for the first time in about a year).
You know how sometimes people complain about their kids being too involved/obsessed with technology – specifically video games?
Well, quite frankly, I was wondering if that addiction could be (hypothetically) healthy.
For example, say you had a kid with OCD and/or ADD, and they run around the house, driving you up the walls at all times.
Then, for some random/holiday-related reason, they get a video game – something simple, but addicting – maybe a Zelda game?
Plenty of puzzles, intriguing plot, and, of course, a fair share of violence.
Suddenly, they’re totally absorbed in the game – maybe noisy, but not so hyped up.
Now the parent complains about his addiction to the game - “He’s not getting enough fresh air!” “His brain is rotting!”
Which, I’m no psychologist, I think is probably true.
But if you give it some thought, some games really make a kid think – again, Zelda comes to mind (what? it provoked the thought, didn’t it?
why can’t it be a constant in this equation?)
– so they could be good in small doses.
And, let’s face it, it could give the mom a little peace of mind.
I mean, if your brain is so focused on this screen that you become lazy, or relaxed, when you have that kind of disorder, but your heart rate can stay accelerated (“OMG THIS BOSS IS REALLY EXCITING!”) and your mind is constantly alert, that’s kind of a conundrum.
So, although I know too much video gaming is definitely bad for a kid (I mean, come on!
I love spending hours in a tree.
It’s not that hard to walk away from your DS), I think it’s an interesting idea to entertain.
I mean, it obviously doesn’t teach any life skills (no, Cooking Mama doesn’t count as a life skill), but… like I said, it’s a conundrum.
Give it some thought.
Comment and let me know what you think!
cried last night about the filly for the first time in a little while; I made the mistake of listening to Untouched and thinking about her... I’d thought I was getting better at bearing it – turns out, I was just... numb.
Maybe it’s because my eyes ran out of tears.
I had a nightmare, too.
Last night… wasn’t so great.
I need to see her.
I need some information.
Scouring dA looking for artists who would do a self portrait based on a written description – so I’d have something, even something as pathetic as that, to remember her by – just isn’t doing it.
I need to know... Does Susan know where she went?
Does Jen? Will Laura ask...? 
Oh, yeah.
I’ve spent the week at my dad’s since it’s spring break.
Not fun :(
please send the filly your prayers that she’s safe and comfortable tonight.
i love you, pretty girl… bless you.
you’ll always have a special place in my heart just for you.
If you couldn’t tell from that last entry, something awful/wonderful happened.
The filly was sold.
She went to a better place – quite frankly, almost anywhere is better than where she was.
I found on Wednesday night.
It… tore me apart.
I cried (unbeknownst to Bonnie and Laura) on the car right home.
And hour/hour and a half once I got home.
Depression for three hours… and again when my mom got home.
And again, the next day, on and off for eight hours.
Luna and my filly were sold together, which is another great/awful thing.
The first thing I said after I’d taken in the shock when Bonnie told me was, “At least Luna – err, I mean, Houdini – can keep me company.”
That’s when I learned they were both gone.
I also learned that their goddamn ass of an owner, Jon, had bought a new fucking horse.
And guess what?
It’s a foal/colt.
Two fucking months old.
And any guessers as to what they’re feeding him?
Hay!
Of course.
He needs formula!
How the fuck is he already sold, away from his freaking mother?! Jon won’t buy the formula… no one else can afford to.
The foal gets no pasture time.
He’s locked in a dark stall (they boarded up the door… why the fuck would they do that?!) 24/7.
Lovely.
He’s a sweetheart, too.
His head is oddly-shaped, and he’s awful timid, but heck, he’s a foal away from his mum at 2 months – he’s coping pretty well.
Bonnie and I sat in his stall getting acquainted with him for a good half hour.
Oh, right – I slept over at her house.
More on that later.
It was… easier than I thought, going into the backbarn.
Night, who used to be in the stall across from Luna’s, had moved into the filly’s, and the foal – unnamed by me as of yet – was in Luna’s.
Poor boys!
The foal was desperate to see Night, and Night seemed equally curious.
That foal has to be around other horses.
I mean, what the hell!
Yes, he’s sweet… but not as sweet as the filly.
Not as trusting (though who can blame him?).
Not as loving.
Not as gentle.
Not… even close to her.
Still, I pity him – stuck in a hellhole like that.
Oh – I learned later he’s not Jon’s, he’s Jon’s friend’s – but Jon is giving him a place to stay, and they’re both asses, so whatever.
But Laura’s going to try to get permission from Jen to work with him; you know, put him out with other horses (especially Heneral – no danger for him there.
Even if Heneral wanted to kick him, he’s so fat, there’s literally no freaking way.
Heneral tends to sleep most of the time, anyway.
xD), feed him formula (not like anyone could afford it, but we’d check) and just sensitize him in general to things like halters, brushes, humans, horses, etc.
I also have a dumb, stupid, freaking awful idea.
It’s what’s keeping me clinging on the verge of sanity.
Susan – that’s Savannah’s mom; Savannah owns Timmy, who Bonnie rides at the shows – is a very active barn mom.
She knows… a lot.
So she might have the contact information for the buyer of Luna and the filly.
Hopefully they’ll be local – a local barn would be a dream come true; I could visit her every day/week (ifmymomwon’tletmecomemoreoften >>;).
See?! Stupid, stupid, stupid!
But it’s the only thing that’s helping right now.
I can look at the rip in the netting by her stall – where Luna always chewed, and they sometimes touched noses through (and then snorted and acted all offended, of course), and I can feel the memories swimming back, so clearly… And I can feel the tear in my heart – the void, once so filled with love, now suddenly… empty.
Dead.
I need to see her again.
I have to see my pretty girl.
I have to croon to her, stroke that familiar, wonderful face, and I need to let her know she hasn’t been abandoned.
I need to tell her it’s okay… and I need to make sure of that myself, too.
Oh, and here’s a totally unimportant note: I went to the Grand Prix and watched all the jumping and took pics by the jump and ran around the arena and almost got on TV.
My eyes seek out yours
I crave to see you
I can’t help my attachment
I know it’s foolish;
I know it can’t be done
But can you stop me from dreaming?
I wish.
Because if I 
Didn’t dream, my heart
Could be whole right now
And yet it’s worth the tears
The sobs that wrench my heart in two
It’s worth every stab
Every crack inside me
I love you
You’ll always be mine
Even without a hair to remember
You by; a picture, a real name
I have my memories forever
For I’ll never forget
I’ll always cherish what brief time we had
Before they pulled you away
And me, so unaware
That I didn’t get the chance
Luck chose to side against me,
So I never got to say
Goodbye
dedicated to the filly – my filly.
Sold March, 2009.
I’ll never see you again…
Good luck.
You deserve a perfect life.
I wish I could’ve given it to you.
