People think that if you love somebody hard enough, then everything is just gonna work out.
People are wrong.
I think when you are young, you are hoping that the person will be the right one, the one you are going to be in love with forever.
But sometimes, you want that so much; you create something that isn't there.
All the memories that randomly pop into my head lead back to you.
I'm going to smile and make you think I'm happy, I'm going to laugh, so you don't see me cry, I'm going to let you go in style, and even if it kills me- I'm going to smile.
Do you know what's the worst part about beautiful love songs?
It's knowing that no one is ever going to think about me while they listen to it.
And she said the hardest part about recovery is when you're not sure you want to recover.
Don't be afraid to fail.
Be afraid not to try.
One day your life will flash before your eyes.
Make sure its worth watching.
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't.
What you've got to do is turn around and say, "watch me".
I just want you, that's it.
All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm.
Everything.
I just want you.
I wonder if you ever think of me.
I can see exactly where I want to be, I just can't see how I will ever get there.
I just want someone to think I'm amazing.
I don't even know what we talk about.
I just listen to thesound of his voice and to his laugh and to the sound of him listening to me.
Sometimes you gotta listen to your brain, just to save your heart.
Smile.
It irritates those who wish to destroy you.
I guess sometimes even the truth is a lie.
And sometimes forever runs out of time.
Fairy Tales are more than true; not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Not to spoil the ending for you, but everything is going to be okay.
A year from now you'll wish you had started today.
Sometimes, if not most of the time, you find out who you are by finding out who and what you're not.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
I try to talk to you, but I don't know what to say.
I'm afraid you don't want me to say anything, so I don't.
But inside of me there are words waiting to come out and tell you how I feel, like how I miss you, and how I love you despite my broken heart, and how I need you in my life.
And especially how much I want you.
but these words may forever stay in my heart, locked inside.
Sometimes I wonder if there are words locked inside you too, but I'll never know.
Why can’t I wake up in the morning and be like “I don’t like him anymore” and actually mean it?
I miss the way we were crazy about eachother.
Missing someone isn’t about how long it’s been since you’ve seen them last or the amount of time since you’vetalked.
It’s about that very moment when you’re doing something and you wish that they were right there with you.
I was finally moving on and accepting the fact that you were gone and in love with another girl.
I finally got the chance to smile again, to say that I'm free from that crazy nightmare.
But then you smiled at me and ruined it all.
I really like tattoos.
I'm planning to get a few more (I only have one at the moment).
I already know the motives and places for them.
Sooo, I got my first one for my 19th birthday and it was over in 10 minutes.
People keep asking me why I wanted to have a bow on my neck... Maybe because I really like bows?
Well I like it and that's all that matters.
So here it is.
(I'm sorry for bad quality.
My computer broke down after I got the picture and I lost all of the stuff I had on it - I had this one on FB)
And here are some motives I like.
I might even get one of those.
I have to admit I have a tiny "Scarf  Obsession".
It started three years ago in London, when I got sick and I needed something warm for my throat.
I bought this huge black scarf and it has been one of my favourites since then.
I wonder if anyone can guess how many scarves I have in my closet at the moment.
:)
A group picture of them :P.
On my nails: OPI meet me on the star ferry.
I don't really like this polish, because I have to apply 4 or 5 coats of it and it looks weird after that.
I'm hopeless.
I have too many clothes already and I keep buying new stuff.
Today I wanted to buy basket for my bike, so I went to Austria.
Then I saw cute knitted (endless) Scarf and matching Hat.
My mum found white Shirt, which I need for my school uniform (yeah, we have to wear uniforms in college).
I have also bought black Korzet and matching Panties.
And I finally got this red T-shirt I bought on Ebay one month ago.
I've made a new blog.
You can check it out by clicking here.
I'll still post quotes on this one, I just wanted to try something different.
I just want you, that's it.
All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm.
Everything.
I just want you.
I can see exactly where I want to be, I just can't see how I will ever get there.
I just want someone to think I'm amazing.
I don't even know what we talk about.
I just listen to thesound of his voice and to his laugh and to the sound of him listening to me.
I have to admit I have big crush on Niall Horan.
I can't believe I haven't done this "One Direction quotes" thing yet.
I found some really cute pictures online.
Happy Birthday to one of the few people whose birthday I can remember without a Facebook reminder.
Thank you for always being there for me, thank you for being the one I can tell anything to.
Thank you for putting up with me when I was crabby, rude, whinny, and a brat.
Thank you for all the thimees you made me laugh.
Thank you for listening and talking to me.
Thank you for being my best friend.
Thank you for being YOU.
I want to have a perfect summer with lots of sunshine and someone special.
Summer is kind of like the ultimate one-night stand: hot as hell, totally thrilling, and gone before you know it.
The tans will fade, but the memories will last forever.
Summer break -  where you drink triple, see double, and act single.
When the sun gets hot and the moon gets hazy, good girls go bad, and it gets crazy.
'Cause I'm just a summer girl.
I wear my flip flops.
And when I let my hair down.
That's when the party starts.
And who needs a boyfriend.
I've got my girlfriends.
And when we get together, the summer never ends.
I look for you everywhere I go, hoping to bump into you.
But I never see you.
You're not there.
You're never there.
You are: my sugar rush, my cocaine bliss, my illegal high, my perfect kiss.
You're an addiction that I always fail to resist.
It's sad how someone can go from being the reason you wake up smiling, to the reason you cry yourself to sleep.
Some people are meant to fall in love with each other, but not meant to be together.
I hate it when I'm singing a song and the artist gets the word wrong.
Before i go to sleep, I imagine you're by my side.
Take a chance.
You never know what might happen.
You and I will always be unfinished business.
People always ask, "Do you still like him?"
Honestly, I don't really know.
But I do know there's something about him that I can't let go.
Everyone in this world needs someone they can depend upon.
Be it a faithful companion, a trusted confidante, loyal friend, determined advocates or a loving family.
But occasionally in life, the people we thought would always be there for us leave.
And if that happens, it’s amazing the lengths we go to, to get them back.
Sometimes the only thing that needs to be removed is a memory.
In life we all make plans, but sometimes they don't turn out the way we expected.
By trying to help out, we may damage a relationship.
By attempting to reach out, we may push someone further away.
By digging into the past, we may enrich our present.
The easiest way to overcome one addiction is to replace it with another one.
There are many things that bind friends together - Sharing a laugh over an embarrassing incident, comforting each other in times of need, finding it in our hearts to forgive.
But, the thing that binds friends together the most is a secret that changes everything.
Keeping secrets is a lonely business.
That's why we all search for someone to confide in: an ally who will understand, an advisor who we can trust, a friend who will never judge.
I wanted you to fight for me.
I wanted to be someone worth fighting for.
Someday, our paths will cross and as our eyes meet, our hearts will too.
And when that day comes, I swear, I will never let you go, ever again.
There will come a day when I wont think, miss or wonder about you anymore... but I guess today won't be it.
Maybe I'm scared because you mean more to me than any other person.
You are everything I think about, everything I want.
There are things we don't want to happen, but have to accept; things we don't want to know, but have to learn, and people we can't live without, but have to let go.
I'm fighting back emotions I've never had before...all because I'm not supposed to love you anymore.
You know, I still wait for your messages, as sad as it may seem.
I haven't given up the thought that you'll come back to me.
I think about it day and night, and even in my dreams.
If you ask me how I'm doing, I would say I'm doing just fine.
I would lie and say that you're not on my mind.
But I go out and I sit down at a table set for two.
And finally I'm forced to face the truth, no matter what I say I'm not over you.
I've learned that it takes years to build up trust, and only seconds to destroy it.
I've learned that two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different.
I've learned to never laugh at anyone's dreams.
I've learned to remember that silence is sometimes the best answer.
I've learned that life sometimes gives you a second chance.
100 years ago, the RMS Titanic sank in the North Atlantic Ocean.
When you got nothing, you got nothing to lose.
"Where to, miss?" "To the stars."
I'd rather be his whore than your wife.
A woman's hears is a deep ocean of secrets.
Friends make the bad times good and the good times unforgettable.
Friendship isn't about who you've known the longest.
It's about who came and never left your side.
A true friend sees the first tear, catches the second and stops the third.
Dear bestfriend, I honestly don't know what I'd do without you.
Best friends know how crazy you are and still choose to be seen with you in public.
I hate myself for always thinking about him.
My friends are already tired of this crap, so I'm really happy I have this blog.
I miss you; all day, everyday.
And you can't even imagine how pathetic it makes me feel because i don't even know if you miss me back.
That random flashback which brings back painful memories and breaks your heart all over again.
You were never supposed to mean this much to me; I was never supposed to fallso hard.
But you know what?
I did and that's the truth, that's what keeps me holding on, because it hurts like Hell to let you go.
I wish there was a delete button in my mind so i could get rid of the memories of you.
Do you know what's the worst part about beautiful love songs?
It's knowing that no one is ever going to think about me while they listen to it.
And she said the hardest part about recovery is when you're not sure you want to recover.
"What are these scars from?" she asked.
"They're battle wounds," I replied.
She looked at me for a long time.
"Who were you battling?"
"Myself."
Do you ever lay in bed at night hoping you wake up in theemergency room and hear the words, "She's not going to make it"?
I do.
My head is such a mess right now.
Sometimes I pretend I'm okay because I don't want to annoy people with my problems.
It's okay.
I gave up on myself a long, long time ago.
Why do I keep doing this to myself?
“What are these scars from?” she asked.
“They're battle wounds,” I replied.
She looked at me for a long time.
“Who were you battling?”
“Myself.”
I just want to lie in my bed and listen to sad music all day.
I hate the feeling when you really don't have any emotion.
You feel so empty.
You're not happy, you're not sad.
You're nothing.
When your mind is spinning, but you can't feel anything.
I've seen love die way too many times.
I just realized everything I have is someday gonna be gone.
And I lived in your chess game, but you changed the rules every day.
I wish you'd listen closer to the songs I play, because the lyrics speak the words I fail to say.
I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.
I want to be the girl you point to and say "that's her".
The life I really want to live only exists in my daydreams.
And I don't want to forget how your voice sounds.
It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.
My nightmares are usually about losing you.
I'm okay once I realize you're here.
Fire is catching!
And if we burn, you burn with us!
And then he gives me a smile that just seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me.
At some point, you have to stop running and turn around and face whoever wants you dead.The hard thing is finding the courage to do it.
"So what should we do with our last few days?"
"I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you," Peeta replies.
I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now and live in it forever.
Sometimes it seems so easy to make people happy, that I wonder why I don't do it more often.
Enjoy your youth.
You'll never be younger than you are at this very moment.
No matter what happens in life, be good to people.
Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
It’s been one year since I started this precious blog of mine.
And over the past year so much has happened.
The good and the bad, the nice and the mad, happy and sad.
It has all been there.
And this blog was always here for me.
When I wanted to just clear my head, cheer myself up, share my thoughts, my feelings.
And you were here too.
Reading, observing and leaving me messages.
I am so grateful for that.
Let me just remind you of the words some wise man said, something about knowledge being our treasure...
And what better knowledge to give, than some little fun facts and statistics about my blog.
So here it goes:
I started this blog on sunny Monday 14/3/2011.
In this year it got over 43,000 visitors.
If I’d get a dollar for every one of that visit… Well it would be amazing.
But I am so grateful for each and every visitor that stopped by.
You all made my day and I love you all so much.
In first year I made 107 posts.
That was very much on purpose because 107 is my favorite prime number (except it’s not really).
You visited me from all over the World (148 Countries).
The internet really brings us all together.
:)
It’s been one year since I started this precious blog of mine.
And over the past year so much has happened.
The good and the bad, the nice and the mad, happy and sad.
It has all been there.
And this blog was always here for me.
When I wanted to just clear my head, cheer myself up, share my thoughts, my feelings.
And you were here too.
Reading, observing and leaving me messages.
I am so grateful for that.
Let me just remind you of the words some wise man said, something about knowledge being our treasure...
And what better knowledge to give, than some little fun facts and statistics about my blog.
So here it goes:
I started this blog on sunny Monday 14/3/2011.
In this year it got over 43,000 visitors.
If I’d get a dollar for every one of that visit… Well it would be amazing.
But I am so grateful for each and every visitor that stopped by.
You all made my day and I love you all so much.
In first year I made 107 posts.
That was very much on purpose because 107 is my favorite prime number (except it’s not really).
You visited me from all over the World (148 Countries).
The internet really brings us all together.
:)
Everytime i want to give up on him, there's always something inside telling me to just give it time.
Every girl has three guys in her life: the one she loves, the one she hates, and theone she can't live without.
But in the end, they're all the same guy.
All I want is to grow old with you.
When someone loves you they don't have to say it...
You can tell by the way they treat you.
If only you saw what I can see, you'll understand why I want you so desperately.
And frankly, I'm tired of missing you.
Every now and then I get a little bit lonely and you're never coming round.
So you go and you stand on your own, and you leave on your own, and you go home, and you cry, and you want to die.
The stars lean down to kiss you.
And I lay awake and miss you.
We are young, we run free.
Stay up late, we don't sleep.
Got our friends, got the night.
We'll be alright.
You appear just like a dream to me.
It's like I want you to know, but I don't want to tell you.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
Enjoy your youth because after all, you will never be younger than you are at this very moment.
Everybody has the power to make someone else happy.
Some do it by entering the room, while some do it by leaving.
Life has only three guarantees.
Smiling will brighten your face, 
laughing will enhance your eyes, and falling in love will change your life.
I’ve learned that one of the biggest mistake in life is holding on to something that was lost a long time ago.
There's nothing a girl wants more then something she can't have.
I don't know who I'm in love with anymore; you or the momories.
You should have opened your eyes.
I was crazy for you!
I'm stuck in this vicious circle and I really can't get out.
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and strongerthan you seem, and smarter than you think.
Magic is everywhere if you know where to look...
IMPOSSIBLE is only a word.
Something ends because there is something better lined up in the future.
Just be yourself, you are wonderful.
Live beautifully, Dream passionately, Love completely.
Every boy wants a good girl to be bad just for him,
every girl wants a bad boy to be good just for her.
I've seen lovely things, but you're about the loveliest thing i've ever seen.
Promise me you'll never go away, promise me you'll always stay...
I wish you were here or I was there or we were together anywhere.
I wish I could see you tomorrow, even if just for a second...
How many times do you need to get hurt for you to know it's time to let go?
I never changed my mind about you.
I tried to, but it just wouldn't ever work.
There's something about you, but I can't put my finger on it.
And something inside me just won't let you go.
I didn't choose you.
I just took one look at you, and then there was just no turning back.
I miss the days when you loved me.
I still think about those pointless, cute moments that made me love you.
Sometimes you just gotta be your own hero and save your own little heart.
Because sometimes, the people you can't imagine living without, can actually live without you.
If you wait too long for the perfect moment, the perfect moment will pass you by.
You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: IT GOES ON.
Mathematics may not teach us how to add love or how to minus hate, but it gives us every
reason to hope that every problem has a solution.
u're my could've been and should've been.
But never was and never will be.
It still hurts to see that you're doing complete okay, without me.
No matter how much I don't want to believe it, maybe we just aren't meant to be.
The more boys I meet, the more I realize that it's only him I want to be with.
I wanna kiss you on December 31st from 11:59pm to 12:01am so I can have an amazing ending to 2011 and a beautiful beginning to 2012.
New begginings.
New hopes.
New dreams.
Another year, same old dream...
2012, please bring me true happiness.
Some say I'll be better without you, but they don't know you like I do.
Don't you remember the reason you loved me before?
I've known it from the moment that we met...
No doubt in my mind where you belong.
I wish I could lay down beside you when the day is done.
And wake up to your face against the morning sun
Next time I'll be braver.
I'll be my own savior.
It's sad when people you know become people you knew,
when you can walk right past someone like they were never a part of your life.
How you used to be able to talk for hours and how now, you can barely even look at them...
It's sad how times can change.
Men are like stars;
there are millions of them, but only one can make your wishes come true.
At some point you have to realize that he doesn't care, and maybe you're missing out on someone who does.
I cried a lot because of you.
I laughed a lot because of you.
I believed in love because of you.
Sing like no one can hear you, love like you've never been hurt, dance like nobody's watching and live like it's heaven on earth.
You know what's beautiful?
Read the first word again.
Make-up can make you look pretty on the outside.
But it doesn't help if you're ugly on the inside.
Unless you eat the make-up.
Funny that one moment both of you were inseparable.
And now, you're just two different people trying to forget each other.
I asked an old woman why she hasn't married yet,
"I'm still waiting."
I can't help but laugh on her reply.
But I was really touched when she continued,
"He promised he'll be back.''
Sometimes, you just have to take a step back and realize
whats important in your life, what you can live with,
but more importantly what you can't live without.
It's much easier to turn a friendship into love, than love into friendship.
The best morning that I'll ever have will be the morning when he's not on my mind...
But on my side.
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much for them.
It takes no time to fall in love, but it takes you years to know what love is.
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didn't think you wanted.
That awkward moment when people are singing happy birthday and you don't know what to do.
We had a deal.
Let the others grow old, not me!
Birthdays are good for you.
Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
You are not getting older, you are getting better.
There are moments in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them for real.
Even something really beautiful can be broken sometimes.
Your voice is now my favorite sound and your name is now my favorite noun.
We don't need to rush things.
If something's bound to happen, it will happen.
In the right time, with the right person, and for the best reason.
I think we complicate things when it's really quite simple; find what it is that makes you happy and who it is that makes you happy.
I knew I was in love when all those stupid love songs started making sense..
No one else will have me like you do.
No one else will have me, only you.
But, I love you.
I'm totally and completely in love with you and I don't care if you think it's too late, I'm telling you anyway.
I'd like mornings better if they started with you.
The truth is: if I could be with anyone, I would still choose you.
When your mind becomes obsessed with anything, you will filter everything else out and find that thing everywhere.
Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak.
Since birth, it has always been a sign that you're alive.
Act like a lady, think like a boss.
I wonder if any girl has ever seen me and thought
"Wow, I wish I looked like her."
You're too young to believe it's not going to be okay.
It's sweet when someone knows every single detail about you.
Not because you constantly remind them, but because they pay attention.
I like beautiful melodies telling me terrible things.Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile.
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Isn't it amazing how a person who was once just a stranger, suddenly meant the world to you?
And you sit alone at night and ask yourself just when did all this pain begin...
There are moments in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them for real.
Even something really beautiful can be broken sometimes.
Your voice is now my favorite sound and your name is now my favorite noun.
We don't need to rush things.
If something's bound to happen, it will happen.
In the right time, with the right person, and for the best reason.
I think we complicate things when it's really quite simple; find what it is that makes you happy and who it is that makes you happy.
You look.
He looks.
You walk away wondering if your look had the same effect on him that his did on you...
Just because you're beautiful, doesn't mean you don't do ugly things.
Just because you're not pretty, doesn't mean you don't have the beauty of a flower.
Just because you're loud, doesn't mean you hate silence.
Just because you're quiet, doesn't mean you have nothing to say.
Just because people see you happy all the time, doesn't mean you never cry yourself to sleep.
Just because you are unhappy, doesn't mean you can never be to happy again.
Just because you think it'll never happen, it just might.
Doing what you want is freedom.
Liking what you do is happiness.
I think about you a lot.
More than I probably should .
I love the fact that you gave me a chance
I hate the fact that i fucked up.
Unplanned moments are always better than planned ones.
The best feeling is when you look at him and he's already staring at you.
All my little plans and schemes, lost like some forgotten dreams.
Seems like all I really was doing, was waiting for you.
From this moment on I know exactly where my life will go.
Seems like all I really was doing was waiting for love.
My heart is big, but it beats quiet.
I wish I could hate you, it would hurt less.
Don't think too much.
You'll create a problem that wasn't even there in the first place.
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're fake.
It means you are mature enough to tolerate your dislike towards them.
You only live once.
But if you do it right, once is enough.
Beauty without intelligence is like a masterpiece painted on a napkin.
A lot of people are afraid to say what they want.
That's why they don't get what they want.
Nothing is impossible.
The word itself says I'm possible.
Why are you trying so hard to  fit in, when you were born to stand out?
Be strong now because things will get better.
It might be  stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
Today is a good day.
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
“I'll let you be in my dreams if I can be in yours.”
“The future for me is already a thing of the past -
You were my first love and you will be my last.”
“Sometimes it's not enough to know what things mean, sometimes you have to know what things don't mean.”
“If you want to keep your memories, you first have to live them.”
“When you've got nothing, you've got nothing to lose.”
“Mona Lisa must have had the highway blues; you can tell by the way she smiles.”
“It's like my whole life never happened,
When I see you, it's as if I never had a thought.
I know this dream, it might be crazy,
But it's the only one I've got.”
Being without him would lead her to fall short in life, because life is not complete when a part of your heart is missing.
I love hearing old songs I used to love.
They're like memories you can always go back to.
They still want each other; they still need each other more than anything  in the world.
They're just taking a long time to figure it all out.
It's still there, ya know?
I can be totally happy and still have that part of my mind wander back to you and wonder how much better it could be if you were here with me.
I dont think that is ever going to change or go away.
Many relationships can't work because sometimes even when you love the person, the timing is just wrong.
Sometimes, someone comes along and makes you forget someone else.
Remember, they're not better, they're just different.
Falling for you was the best thing i've ever done in my life.
I programmed your number into my phone knowing that you'd never call, but just in case you do, i want to know it’s you.
If he really didn't matter, you wouldn't be thinking about him.
Every time I cry, regardless of the reason in the beginning, I always end up crying because of him.
Thoughts of you will still keep me awake at night.
The test of love is not when we are together.
It comes when we are not together and realize that despite the distance, love is still there.
And I forgot to tell you that a part of me died when you left.
Being without you is the worst, most intense pain i've ever felt.
He's just a boy who never realized what was in front of him.
She's just a girl who never learned how to let go.
I dont know if there is only one person you are supposed to be with, but when im with you, it sure feels that way.
The most incredible feeling is knowing that I make you happy.
You've changed me, Shaped me into this girl who is actually capable of loving someone when just months ago, she couldn't even love herself.
Seems like ever since the first day we met there's no one else i can think of more than you, and i don't quite understand why.
Every girl deserves a guy who looks at her everyday like it’s the first time he saw her.
When I'm older and my little girl asks me who my first true love was, I don't want to have to pull out the old photo album.
I want to be able to point across the room and say, "he's sitting right there.
Time decides who you meet in life,  your heart decides who you want in your life, but your behavior decides who will stay in your life.
Menopause, menstrual cramps, mental illness, mental breakdowns...
Ever noticed that all of your problems begin with men?
You can be the peanut butter to my jelly.
