Knowing yourself well is both a blessing and a curse.
A blessing because when you are feeling down about something or confused or pissed off, you can usually pinpoint the cause of that feeling.
Pretty easily.
And if you know where that uncomfortable emotion is coming from, that knowledge by itself can sometimes make you feel better.
But it’s also a curse.
Because if you know where your emotion is coming from, and what's causing it, you have no choice but to own up to it and then make your way to fixing things so you feel okay again.
The onus is on you.
Unless of course, you’re perimenopausal.
Then all bets are off.
After my first wedding, in April of 1995, my husband and I settled in to our newlywed apartment in the West Village of Manhattan.
We unpacked wedding gift after wedding gift.
Espresso machine.
Citrus juicer.
China and crystal for 12.
A few decanters.
A little porcelain Lladro piece of a bride and a groom.
One of the key, really useful, items that we didn't have?
A laundry hamper.
So one Saturday afternoon, I found a dark rattan one at the Pottery Barn a few blocks away.
It was a floor model so I carried it home with my arms wrapped around it like we were doing a dance.
Not heavy, just unwieldy.
When I got to my apartment, I placed it in the exact corner I had envisioned it in and it was perfect.
Fast forward 17 years.
I've had two kids, moved to Florida, gotten divorced and remarried and have lived in the same house for over 13 years.
A lot of change.
For everybody.
But one of the constants?
That fricking dark rattan Pottery Barn hamper.
I've been married to my second husband, the one I’m planning on keeping until death-do-we-part, for almost six years.
And it's only in the last year that he and I have slowly begun to re-do the interior of our house.
To turn it in to something that is ours.
(He is a patient man.)
A few months ago, we started in our boudoir.
The stained, dirty old carpet was ripped out and replaced with hardwood.
The tropical green walls were painted a shade of grey.
(Ha ha.
Yes, I read the books.)
And some modern looking furniture was purchased to replace the dark wood sleigh bed set I got as a wedding present.
For my first wedding.
(I'll do a before and after post when the after is more complete.)
In the bathroom, with the new paint and the new bathmats, that old dark hamper seemed sorrowfully out of place.
So I bought a new one.
Thank you West Elm for having just what I wanted.
Again.
White lacquer.
Clean lines.
Cool hole in the middle of the lid.
And I'm hoping now that we have a really attractive laundry hamper, my husband will get his dirty clothes in it and not next to it.
A girl can dream.
Can't she?
I’m turning 47 soon.
(No. No. No.
It can’t be.)
Thinking back on when I turned 40, I remember saying, “Oh, age is just a number.
You’re only as old as you feel.
Forty is the new thirty.
Blah, blah, blah.”
Fuck that.
Forty-seven is old.
Forty-seven is almost 50.
And in the past year, I’ve experienced some real physical changes.
My metabolism sucks.
My hands look older.
(Why do they have to call them liver spots?)
My periods are messed up.
And if I don’t get my hair colored every four weeks, I look like a skunk.
But I don’t want a gift certificate to a plastic surgeon for a birthday present.
I’m not going to get a boob lift, injections of facial fillers or even a labiaplasty.
At least not yet.
But I’m not going to just sit back and let the years come upon me.
Let my vagina shrivel up, my hair get stringy and my face get wrinkly.
I'm going to do what I can to reach 50 looking my best.
Because I know this about myself: If I look good, I feel good.
Physically and more importantly, mentally.
(Proof of this?
I went to a wedding this past weekend.
Beautiful bride, handsome groom and me in a new dress that made me feel on top of the world.
Look good, feel good.
Don’t ever underestimate the power of that.)
So here are a few things I am doing as I speed closer to my half-a-century birthday:
I will not let facial hair become an issue.
When I get my eyebrows waxed, I will get my mustache waxed as well.
Along those same lines, I will keep a tweezers in the car to pluck errant chin hairs.
The light is great for seeing those annoying black whiskers.
After experimenting with various kinds of weight loss and weight control methods, I’ve learned that eating six small meals a day, and exercising more than three times a week, is best for my metabolism and my body.
(And yes, there are certain things I can't eat often.
Which sucks.
But it's all about priorities and choices.)
I hate to say this one but.... Drinking messes up my sleep and makes my face puffy.
So I’m going to be cutting down on this.
After going for six weeks without drinking, I’ve come to the conclusion that I can have fun sober.
Use it or lose it.
Yes, old(er) people still have sex.
And my sexuality is important to me, to my marriage and to my vagina.
So remaining a sexual being is a necessity.
Even if I have to schedule it.
This is my partial growing older to-do list.
I left out some more obvious things like using sunscreen and moisturizing.
Reading every day.
And keeping a sense of humor, especially necessary with a few teenagers in the house.
All are also important to me.
Your list might be completely different.
Or you might only be 35 and happy that you don't have to deal with this.
Yet.
(Don't worry.
One day you'll be my age.
Honestly, it's not so bad.)
But if you know how to get rid of liver spots, please share your secret with me in the comments.
I hate those things.
I don’t write about politics here.
I barely discuss politics among my friends and family.
But I have my views.
I am unwavering about quite a few issues.
And I know who I’m voting for.
I share my views with my kids.
Not because I want them to parrot me but because I want them to feel free to explore their own.
Fostering discussion is one way to do that.
Watching the presidential and vice presidential debates is another.
But something happened last week to change my mind about keeping my opinions to myself.
And I need to share something with you.
About a political advertisement I saw.
Last Thursday, I was watching The Vampire Diaries on the CW Network with my 15 year-old son and my 13 year-old daughter.
It was a commercial break.
A brief warning popped up on the screen about the graphic content we were about to see.
So brief that it didn’t even register in my brain, especially since we were watching a show about vampires.
And the next thing we knew, we were seeing extremely graphic images of dead fetuses.
Excessively graphic.
(I am not including the link to the ad here.
I refuse to promote the repulsiveness.)
My kids were shocked, saddened and sick to their stomachs.
The looks on their faces were awful.
And I don't think I'm being overly dramatic by saying that a part of their innocence had been taken.
I just wanted to throw up.
I talk to my kids about most everything.
Sex, drugs, and yes, even abortion.
And I don’t sugar coat the world for my kids.
They know about war and murder.
And that bad things happen to innocent people.
But they are still just kids.
So pro-choice or pro-life.
Whatever you want to call where you stand on the abortion issue is just fine with me.
But no matter where you stand, the ad that my kids saw was just wrong.
I looked in to the background and legality of the ad after my friend told me that she and her 8 year-old son saw the same ad a few days prior while the 5:00 pm news was on.
There was the same warning about the content being graphic but she was in the kitchen making dinner and it just kind of went over her head as well.
And like that, her son also saw something that he shouldn't have seen.
The ads were paid for by Randall Terry.
He was the founder of Operation Rescue, a well-known anti-abortion group.
Currently, he’s running for a House seat in Florida, where I live.
Earlier in the year, he was running as a Democratic candidate for President.
Because of his candidacies, his graphic advertisements fall under the Federal Communications Commission’s guidelines as being “political”.
Under federal law, and free speech regulations, the television networks are required to run these ads and run them uncensored.
But I call bullshit.
So I filed a complaint with the FCC.
(You can too.
Easy to do.
Just go to fcc.gov/complaints.)
Ok.
I feel better now.
And don't worry, my next post will go back to my usual subject matter.
I'm thinking of writing "10 Ways To Reach 50 Gracefully.
And With No Chin Hairs."
Despite being happily married, I haven’t broken my habit of reading the wedding announcements in the Sunday Styles section of the New York Times.
But now, instead of just being interested in how the happy loving couples met, I'm curious about their education and the jobs that they have.
Like the couple who met their senior year at Stanford’s business school.
She works for an energy management software company.
Her new husband is an investment analyst.
Nice work.
Or the pair of attorneys who met while they were in law school.
Both graduated with honors.
And now they’re practicing law with different firms in San Francisco and they’re going to live happily ever after.
And the doctors.
There are so many of them in these pages.
They’re set.
They’re doctors.
One’s a gynecologist while the other is a neurosurgeon.
I can just see them in their beautiful loft apartment in the West Village.
They used to work at St. Vincent’s but it’s been shut down so now they have to commute to the Upper East Side.
But they do it together.
In approximately 300 words or less, their lives all seem so uncluttered and simple.
Their marriages.
Their financial statuses.
And especially, their career choices.
Sometimes I think, oh, if I had just decided to become a social worker.
Gotten a Ph.D. in cognitive psychology.
Or become an attorney.
Or even a doctor.
I don’t faint at the sight of blood.
Those career choices are so black and white.
I would never have had to worry about what I would do for a living.
My own choices wouldn’t have been so ambiguous.
A degree in economics and history?
A spot in the executive training program at Bloomingdales, with subsequent promotions to the buying office.
An MBA in management?
A series of temp jobs followed by a permanent position at Crain’s New York as the Research Editor.
(I loved that job but it ended when we made the move down to Florida.)
After I got divorced, the voice inside my head, the one that had been telling me that I wanted to be a writer for over 10 years, got louder.
Sure, I had been writing in little dribs and drabs, hiding my work away.
Not telling anybody.
It took a few more years before I actually succumbed to the voice and started this blog as a way to start writing in a more structured way.
Now, I’m pushing 47.
And finally, I’m getting closer to what it is I’m meant to do.
But is it ever too late?
People ask me what I do.
For a living.
Other than my domestic responsibilities: raising a couple of kids, keeping the household running smoothly, being a trophy wife.
I tell them that I’m a bookkeeper.
That’s how I earn a small living.
Working part-time.
I enjoy it.
And depending on who’s asking, I’ll also tell them that I’m a writer.
But sometimes I feel so wishy washy saying that.
Because I don’t earn any money from it.
Which makes it seem like more of a vanity project.
(I did get paid to write about love and sex for a web site for about a year.
But, after a while, the subject matter got a little too confining.)
Writing without publication makes me feel like a phoney.
But writing is what I was meant to do.
I wake up thinking about what to write.
I live my life picking out pieces of my day and imagining them on the page.
Stories are always coursing through my brain.
I can't stop it.
So I'll keep practicing my craft.
I will write every day.
I’ll try not to get frustrated that my blog’s page views don’t break a certain level.
I’ll try not to be bummed out that I didn’t hear back from that publication that I submitted a few posts too.
And I'll try not to compare myself to other writers.
(Sometimes, I don't read the book review section of the Times because it depresses me.
Pathetic, right?)
I have to believe in myself.
That’s the hardest thing.
That’s what writers do.
And I am a writer.
My daughter and I were alone on Saturday.
For the whole day.
And there wasn’t any nagging about homework to be done or about her room being cleaned up.
So she suggested that we bake.
Now, I’m not a baker.
(Well, lately I’ve been baking bread.
That’s not the kind of baking I’m talking about.)
But I’m always getting down on my knees and praying happy for any non-stress, fun activity that we can do together.
She's 13 so there's not that much these days.
I quickly said yes before she could change her mind.
She went on-line to find a recipe and came up with a Halloween themed cupcake.
Black Cats.
The hardest part about this recipe was trying to figure out what to use for the cat’s features that would be the most authentic.
We spent some time in the grocery store, in different aisles, until we came up with what we thought would work.
We made our selections and came home to bake.
I helped her with the cupcake-making part.
But after they were out and cooled, she was on her own.
I was sitting in the kitchen offering suggestions when asked and praise when needed but honestly, my nose was way deep in Gillian Flynn’s “Gone Girl”.
(What a mysterious novel.)
At one point, I went upstairs to take a shower and when I came down not only were the cupcakes completed but also the kitchen was completely cleaned up.
Spotless.
I was blown away.
First, by the fact that my kid, my messy-never-put-anything-away kid, had cleaned up the kitchen.
And more importantly, that the cupcakes were absolutely, positively incredible looking.
I just wish they would stop staring at me.
What do you think?
Black Cat Cupcakes
adapted from Better Homes and Gardens
1 box of cake mix (we used vanilla)
1 container of chocolate frosting
Chocolate sprinkles (fur)
Mini marshmallows (eyes)
Small tube of black icing gel (pupils)
Chocolate or black licorice (whiskers)
Butterscotch chips (nose)
Squares of chocolate (ears)
1. Prepare the mix according to the box.
Bake in cupcake tin.
When done, let cupcakes cool completely.
2. Frost each cupcake.
3. Pour the chocolate sprinkles in to a bowl and dip each cupcake to completely cover the icing.
4. Put two marshmallows on each cupcake for the eyes and draw a vertical black line on each with the gel.
5. Put one chip on each cupcake for the nose.
6. Cut the licorice in to 1 1/2 to 2 inch sections.
Then cut each section in half.
Arrange on each cupcake for the whiskers.
7. Cut chocolate squares in half on the diagonal.
Then cut on the diagonal again to make little triangles.
Press in to the frosting for ears.
Eat.
I don’t have a drinking problem.
Sure I like my vodka, club soda and pomegranate cocktail(s) on Thursday nights.
My husband usually has one ready for me after my kids get picked up by their father for their sleep-over at his house.
I sip it while I get ready to go out on Date Night.
And on a Friday or Saturday night, when we’re sitting around the house or if we’re going out, I’ll knock back a few.
Either by sipping on some bourbon or having a glass or two of wine.
But that’s about it.
I don’t imbibe Sunday through Wednesday.
So I’m a social drinker.
And my social life runs Thursday through Saturday.
The other nights are full of kids' practices, helping out with homework or trying to stay ahead of the laundry.
But back towards the beginning of September, my husband and I agreed that we wanted to take a break from drinking.
Neither one of us was concerned with our intake in a potential alcohol abuse kind of way.
It’s just that the summer was long and we traveled a lot.
And when we travel, we like to eat and drink.
Find some local restaurants.
Sit at a bar, talk to the bartender and get a feel for whatever place it is that we happen to be in.
Our trips mix in a lot of hiking and walking but still, it's a big change for our bodies compared to our every day "normal" lives.
Israel, North Carolina, Brooklyn, Las Vegas, Southern California, Saratoga Springs.
We were gone a lot.
Some of the trips were together.
A few were separate.
To say that it was a fun summer would be a massive understatement.
But as we started to get back in to our routines, waking up early, going back to work and starting the kids' school year, neither one of us could shake the bloat we felt from the over-consumption of food and the more-than-usual alcoholic beverages.
Seriously.
We needed to get back to moderation.
And going on the wagon seemed like a good plan.
We picked a date in mid-September to begin, two days after my husband's 49th birthday.
(Thankfully, it was not his 50th.
That may have just pushed us over the edge.)
With a goal of making it six weeks, going right up until our cousin's wedding.
Because that was going to be a party.
And with little fanfare, we stopped.
No more alcohol.
Not a sip.
Not a drop.
Not even a sniff.
It wasn't so bad.
I did find myself missing the social aspect of sitting around and drinking a cocktail.
A Pavlovian response.
Like the first Thursday we went out and our routine was different.
And sure there was a time or two when I felt like I needed a drink.
Like when my ex-husband and I had a session with a therapist to talk about co-parenting our teens.
And it turned out to be way different than I expected.
Or when all three of our kids were with us for a long weekend and were on their absolutely worst behavior and I wanted to strangle them all.
(Figuratively speaking, of course.)
We even drove four hours across the state for a fraternity brother’s 50th birthday, drank a few Diet Cokes and drove back that same night.
And not drinking in that setting wasn't easy because halfway through the party, they wheeled in this enormous ice sculpture in the shape of the number 50.
At the top of the 0, there was a hole and a tunnel leading down and out the other side.
To pour vodka through.
And we didn't do it.
Though we both wanted to.
(Nothing more tempting than a bunch of your college buddies chanting, "Red, Red, Red" as they were for my husband.)
As the weeks have gone by, we both have slept more soundly.
I've lost a little bit of weight, though not as much as I thought I would.
And I definitely feel less puffy.
My wedding band is no longer leaving an indentation on my finger.
We made it over three weeks.
Twenty-two days to be exact.
But last Saturday night, on a weekend when we had no kids, we were trying to figure out what we wanted to do.
The night before, we had ordered take-out from a Greek place that we loved.
And it was terrible.
We ate it while watching a movie that wasn’t so great either.
So for our night out, we really wanted to make a good choice.
We wanted really amazing food, great service and a touch more pomp above our usual haunts.
The problem was, I just couldn’t see going to a nice restaurant for some fine dining, eating good food and not having it paired with a glass of wine or two.
My husband, who rarely does anything half-assed, surprised me by saying, “Fuck it.
We’re going out to Cafe Boulud.
We’re getting dressed up.
And I’m opening that bottle of champagne we have in the cooler."
And he didn’t have to ask me twice.
The evening was exactly what we wanted.
Romantic and tasty.
With alcohol.
We both savored the wines we had.
Yes, multiple glasses.
We had them matched to our courses.
(Just for the record, I'll take a good cheese course over dessert any day.)
We went back on the wagon Sunday, none the worse for wear.
And in two more weeks, we'll be in Atlanta celebrating the marriage of my cousin to his beautiful bride.
And I'll definitely be raising a glass, filled with some sort of alcoholic beverage, to them.
I had been divorced for two years when I first hooked up with the man who became my second husband.
(You can read our story here and our wedding announcement here.)
He had been divorced for three.
And in the last ten years, we've created a really strong marriage.
It's not perfect.
And it's not always easy.
I'm a little stubborn.
He can be a little hot-headed.
And we have three teenagers between the two of us which, by themselves, can make things challenging.
Besides being in love, we really like each other.
We have fun together, support each other and completely trust each other.
We talk about most everything and I really don’t have many any secrets from him.
But even after almost a decade together, he can still surprise me.
Case in point?
This conversation we had last weekend on our way to get take-out Greek food.
(The food was a huge disappointment.)
The conversation started because we had been talking about a fancy restaurant I went to with a guy I dated before I knew my husband.
The guy forgot his credit card and I had to pay for dinner.
After I signed my life away, we went to a Circle K and he bought us a six pack of beer.
He had enough money for that.
From there, we went to the beach.
After a few beers, we had sex.
Yes, there.
In the sand.
(Don't judge me.
Yet.)
Thinking about this memory prompted me to ask a question.
Me: Have you ever had sex in the ocean?
(Expecting the answer to be no even though he was a lifeguard for years.)
Husband: Yes.
Me: Oh, when you were a lifeguard?
Husband: No.
After I got divorced.
Me: With that fat chick that I met in Target?
Husband: No.
With the first woman I was with after my divorce.
She wasn't fat.
She was really hot.
(Hmm, I thought I knew all of the women he slept with between his ex-wife and me.
Good thing I'm pretty secure with myself and in my marriage.)
Me: And you had sex with her in the ocean?
During the day?
Husband: Yes.
(Another hmm.
Now that he's older, he has to go to the dermatologist every couple of months to get all sorts of things lasered and carved off his face.
Before he turned grey, he was a ginger.
So he has fair skin.)
Me: I’m kind of bummed.
We never go to the beach together.
(We live two miles from the Atlantic.)
It’s not fair that I get the old man version of you.
(He recently turned 49.)
Husband: We can go.
I’ll have sex with you there.
Me: No. You’ve already done it there with somebody else.
(And of course, the next inevitable question.)
So, how many women did you sleep with in between your first wife and me?
(Note to self: Don't ask questions that you may not want to know the answers to.)
Husband: The ocean girl, the fat chick, the nice girl and the hairdresser.
So, just four.
Me: Well, I only slept with the neighbor, the biker and the British guy.
That’s not fair.
You’ve one-upped me.
But I guess that's okay because you were divorced for longer before we met.
The conversation stopped because we had to go in to pick up our food.
Walking in, I was kind of eyeballing him, thinking, “He had sex in the ocean?
I didn't know he had it in him.
That's kind of hot.”
And instead of being jealous, I was actually a little turned on.
There just might be something wrong with me.
I admit it.
I would rather exchange texts with you than talk to you on the phone.
It's not because I don't care about you.
(I'm not singling anybody out here.
Just using the plural "you".)
It’s just that texting is to the point and extremely efficient.
And I can do it while I’m using the bathroom, yelling at my children, doing laundry, cooking dinner or getting a pedicure.
And you’ll never be the wiser.
My family likes to text too.
My son sometimes texts me in the morning, on the way to school, to tell me something that he forgot to do, like brush his teeth.
(I know.
Gross.)
And when he gets off the bus in the afternoon.
Not because I ask him to but because he wants to.
Ooosp really means oops
My daughter texts me while she’s in class to ask me if her friend can come home with her.
Or to to ask me to drop something off at school that she forgot at home.
Like homework.
(Texting while at school is obviously a big NO.
She’ll learn the hard way when the teacher takes it away from her and she gets a detention.)
She forgot her math workbook
My ex-husband sends me a text to get information about the kids’ afterschool activities.
Like when a game is scheduled to be played (even though he gets the same emails from the coaches)  or to let me know he’s going to be late picking up the kids from my house.
And texting is the primary way my husband and I keep in touch.
If he’s at work, I know he’s probably elbow deep in food prep or talking with a customer or in the back doing some paperwork.
But if something is in my head, something that I really want to tell him, I’ll just send him a text.
He can read it when he has time.
And I can cross that thought off my mental list, which is extremely long.
Always.
Solving the world's problems
One vegetable at a time
He texts me when I’m at work to ask if I need anything from the Restaurant Depot, like a big bag of kale, or to let me know if he has to work late or is going out with the boys.
Usually, it’s food related.
Sometimes, if it’s Date Night and my kids are with their father, I’ll text my husband from upstairs and ask him to bring me a cocktail.
Or, yes, I’ll sext him and order him to come up and service me.
(He likes it when I boss him around if it has to do with sex.)
It is more of a turn-on than yelling downstairs, “Hey babe.
Come on up and let’s do it.”
But truthfully, the majority of the texts that I send to him are just at random times of the day, when I’m thinking about him and just want to tell him that I love him.
Because who wouldn’t want to see that.
Unless, of course, it comes from your stalker.
I don't have the world's most nimble fingers.
I can't count the number of times I type "live you" to my husband instead of "love u".
But I guess live you is true as well.
I do live him.
Every single day.
And, as he likes to remind me, I am the Luckiest Woman Alive (LWA).
I am sitting alone in my house.
I’ve been up since 5:30 this morning.
I went for a run after my high schooler left for the bus.
I dropped my daughter off at her middle school then went straight to the grocery store.
And I’ve got dinner for tonight all planned.
I even went back to my daughter’s school and dropped off the math workbook she left behind.
My stack of dirty laundry has been tamed and now everybody just needs to put their clean clothes away.
I’m showered and my teeth are brushed.
In about an hour, I’m going to put some ingredients in my borrowed bread maker.
And then I’m going to make a big salad for lunch and eat it while reading  “The Night Circus” by Erin Morganstern.
I can’t tell you how happy I am about all of this.
This past weekend, well no, actually, the past couple of weeks, I’ve felt like I’ve been pulled in many different directions.
And that everybody wants my attentions.
My son.
My daughter.
My husband.
Friends.
Family.
This blog.
And I’m sure someone feels shafted.
And if I had to guess who it was?
I’d say my husband.
It’s complicated a bit because he’s my kids’ stepfather.
And though he’s involved in their lives, more and more as time goes on, he steps aside when their needs seem to be escalating.
Like now.
Because when things are going on in their lives, they want me.
Plain and simple.
They don't want their father.
Or their stepfather.
They want Mom.
Mom.
Mom.
Mom.
And I want to be here for them.
I need to be here for them.
And my husband understands.
Though I know it’s not easy for him.
Because I just kind of disappear.
In to their rooms.
Doing homework with them.
Running errands with them.
On the phone with them.
Them.
Them.
Them.
My kids won't be at this stage in life forever.
The teen years.
And what they need from me will change.
It does change.
Not every day but almost.
But I know, and he does too, that this is such an important stage in their lives to be available to them.
To guide them.
To stay close to them even as we're giving them their independence.
In five years, they’ll both be gone.
Off to college.
Not that I’m counting the days.
Well, some days I am.
Other days, I'm wishing time would go more slowly.
Even backwards for a while.
So thanks for being patient, babe.
Thanks for understanding.
And remember, Date Night is coming early this week.
You get me all to yourself on Wednesday.
I promise I'll stay off the computer and off of the phone.
Unless, of course, it's the kids calling.
PS The picture is me standing against the bathroom wall in our room at the Wynn Las Vegas.
Crazy, right?
We got to the field for my daughter’s flag football practice a little early the other night and she wasn’t ready to get out of the car.
So I parked and we sat there together and listened to One Direction on my iPhone.
A few minutes before the practice was supposed to start, she got out of the car and made her way through the parking lot and over to the field.
With me watching her the whole way.
I didn’t have any errands to run.
And our house is just a little too far to drop her off, go home and then back again.
So I had brought a book.
(The Art of Fielding by Chad Harbach.
Really good read.)
But I was distracted.
Distracted by other parents with their kids.
Little kids dressed in what seemed to me to be doll-sized soccer apparel, holding tightly to their parents’ hands as they walked through the parking lot.
All excited to go run around a field for an hour.
Looking up at their mom or dad with a shiny little face.
Like they thought their parents were the smartest, most awesome people in the world.
And I was surprised by the sudden pining I had to be holding my daughter's hand and walking over to the field with her.
And sitting on the sidelines watching her and her little friends run up and down the field.
But she's 13 so all of that was just way out of the question.
She doesn't even want me to watch the practices.
(Though I do anyway.
I show up at the end and thank the coaches.
I want them to know that I care.
And appreciate their volunteered time.)
It's just that it doesn't seem so long ago that I was taking her older brother to his first season of soccer.
The league was co-ed and there were no goalies.
Just a bunch of kindergarteners chasing a ball around not really paying attention to the fact the game had rules.
He’s 15 now.
The wave of nostalgia kept me from reading my book.
Maybe it was because my period was a few days late.
But the other part of it, I think, was just remembering that feeling of getting the kids out the door to practice when they were younger.
At least twice a week for the last 10 years.
Most seasons, one kid had practices on Mondays and Wednesdays.
While the other kid had Tuesday-Thursday ones.
So I'd spend my weekday nights sitting at the field.
Soccer, baseball, basketball, softball.
It was a simpler time.
The kids were always ready to go.
They never had very much homework.
And neither had a phone nor an iPad or iTouch or any of those sometimes evil mind snatching devices.
(We've recently gone on electronics lock-down in our house.
But that's another story.)
Buying them new cleats, glove, bats, pants etc. for every single season because they grew so much from the year before.
And the younger one never seemed to be in the right sport at the right time to be able to wear her brother's hand-me-downs.
Not that she would have.
I remember getting them geared up for their Saturday games.
Packing the miniature cooler with water and Gatorade.
Trying to remember if it was my week to be snack mom, drink mom or orange mom.
(We live in Florida.
It's really hot.
And there are a lot of oranges.)
I snapped back to reality when I heard the sound of a whiny little kid.
"But I don't want to play soccer anymore.
I'm hungry.
I'm thirsty.
I'm tiiiiired."
It was enough to make me stop my pining and remember how much I enjoy my kids at this age.
Even though teenagers bring a whole new set of challenges to life.
I got out of my car and walked over to my daughter's flag football practice.
We made eye contact across the field.
I know enough not to wave at her.
And I didn't mind that she didn't walk back to the car on the same side of the field as me.
She gave me one of her smiles when we met up by the parking lot.
The smile that I know means she still thinks I'm pretty awesome.
She just doesn't want everyone else to know she thinks that.
I get it.
I have parents too.
And, many years ago, I was also a teenager.
So I'm fine with that.
But if she ever wanted to hold my hand, I would let her.
putting off writing this post because it’s really important to me.
And I’ve been afraid that I won’t get the story right.
And afraid that I won’t properly honor the memory of someone who was really special.
So I’ve been stuck in this fear.
And have allowed a few weeks to go by where I’ve thought about it every day.
Thought about the people involved.
But enough is enough.
And I’m going for it.
Because I am awed by the person that my childhood friend has become in our old(er) age.
I’m floored by what she has done in the last couple of years, in response to the ovarian cancer diagnosis her sister received.
And I’m horribly saddened by the death of her sister just two months ago at the too young age of 49.
So here goes:
Debra Kogan Lyda fought ovarian cancer for four years.
And fought it hard.
She passed away on August 1st.
Her sister, my childhood friend, Karen Rosenzweig, was with her for every part of that fight.
Of course she was.
The two sisters were as close as close could be.
Only a couple of years apart, the two shared a room, and sometimes a bed, when they were growing up.
They shared everything, including their wicked sense of humor.
Early on in Debbie’s treatment, during a lengthy hospital stay, Karen had picked up a fortune telling playing card set and started reading the nurses’ fortunes at night to help pass the time.
When some of the cards had grim readings, the two sisters would try to put a positive spin on them by adding the words “That’s all” to the end of the fortune.
(“You are going to get into a car accident.
That’s all”.
"You have cancer.
That's all.")
Karen told Debbie that she was going to start a greeting card company called "That’s All".
With cards that would have a blunt statement on the outside and always have a punch line inside that read “That’s all”.
Front
Inside
It was one of those in-the-moment kind of statements like, “I’m going to write a novel” or “I'm going to buy some bees and learn how to make my own honey”.
It seems like a great idea, and is a nice sentiment, but never actually comes to fruition.
Except that it did.
All because Karen made it happen.
In the category of things-happen-for-a-reason, soon after that hospital stay, Karen, an attorney, was let go from the legal firm she worked for.
And "That’s All Greetings" was born.
Three months to the day after she left the office, the cards, 59 of them, were in stores.
Funny, irreverent, off-color cards.
Black and white with no pictures because Karen says she can't draw.
And that she's not creative.
(I call bullshit on that by the way!)
Karen didn't know anything about the greeting card business when she started.
I’m not sure how the hell she did it.
Motivation.
Ambition.
A tremendous amount of dedication to a person she loved so deeply.
And to a cause she felt so strongly about.
From day one, a portion of the proceeds from the company have gone to ovarian cancer research.
From each card that is sold.
Even when the company was not yet making money, funds were donated from their own pockets.
Since "That's All" was formed, the company has contributed thousands of dollars to the cause.
Today, 3 1/2 years later, there are 350 cards in the "That's All" line.
And they can be found in 750 stores, throughout the world.
And the company is still growing.
I talked to Karen a few weeks ago about Debbie and the kind of person she was.
The first thing she told me was that Debbie was an amazing mother.
She was very close to her son who is now a junior at the University of Alabama.
(As luck would have it, Karen's oldest son just started there so the cousins are together.)
She shared with me what Debbie was like when she was going through treatment.
How she would cheer everybody up in the chemo room, welcoming them in like it was her home.
And she talked about Debbie's strength and courage.
Her infectious sense of humor.
And her positive attitude in the face of her illness.
I can’t imagine the loss that Karen feels.
Today is Karen’s birthday.
In honor of her birthday, I've made a donation to the same fund that "That's All" donates to.
(You can too.)
It's called the Debbie Kogan Lyda "Road to Recovery" Research Fund to benefit the University of Alabama at Birmingham Comprehensive Cancer Center.
The funds go to support the research of Debbie's oncologist, Dr. Warner Huh.
He and the staff at the UAB Cancer Center are leaders in the research being done to develop better ovarian cancer prevention and screening techniques as well as working on more effective treatments.
And hopefully, one day, they will be successful.
Debbie was a friend, a mother and a daughter.
And to my friend Karen, she was the best sister anyone could ever have.
I have this friend who writes a blog called The Food Yenta.
Meredith is mainly a virtual friend, though that doesn't mean I'm any less crazy about her.
I did get to meet her and one of my other favorite bloggers, Sheri of Donuts, Dresses and Dirt, when I was in New York City over the summer.
But the rendezvous was all too brief.
Meredith writes in a cozy kind of way.
Telling a story about food as she's introducing a recipe.
Or talking about an ingredient.
And her recipes are not over the top.
I mean, I am not intimidated by them.
Which is good because I'm not a confident cook.
And because she has two young kids, a lot of the recipes are foods that kids will eat.
Mine are older but two of their favorite recipes, and mine, are from her site.
You can't see the noodles but they're in there
Her Curried Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup is out of this world.
With ginger, curry powder, coconut milk and a half a dozen other ingredients, this will warm anybody’s heart.
Even if they’re a cold hearted bitch.
Like me.
Well, I'm not really but I’ve been called one before.
By a jilted ex-boyfriend.
But that's another story.
Hello yummy spices that I love so much
And her Moroccan Spice Rub Chicken is amazing.
There are a dozen spices in the rub and just the smell of them all thrown together in a jar is enough to make me smile.
Add to that garlic, tomatoes, ginger and raisins (go with me here because they work) and you have a one dish meal that is even better the next day.
So when Meredith wrote about baking bread the other day, using a bread machine, my interest was piqued.
My kids, especially my daughter, love bread.
Fresh bread from our local grocery bakery.
But being able to replicate that at home, and get that bread baking smell going through the house, sounded heavenly.
And the best part was how easy she made it seem.
I wasn't ready to go out and invest in a bread machine, so I borrowed one from my friend.
And set out to buy the ingredients necessary to bake the honey white bread on Meri's blog.
The vital wheat gluten was the only ingredient I had a bit of a hard time finding but a call to my local Whole Foods proved successful.
First attempt right out of the machine
One day last week, I timed it so that the bread smell would be wafting through the house when the kids came home from school.
And they were so excited when they walked in the door.
(And it's not easy to excite two teenagers after a long day of school.)
First attempt, sliced up
And they tore through half of the loaf in less than the amount of time it would have taken me to say "Rumpelstiltskin".
But after reading a book of bread machine recipes that my friend had loaned me with the machine, I realized that I may have inadvertently allowed the yeast to touch some of the wet ingredients before it was supposed to.
So I decided to give it another try.
Second attempt.
The yeast did not get wet too soon.
The second loaf was noticeably different.
Larger even though the amount of ingredients stayed the same.
And fluffier inside.
Today I decided to go out on my own and bake a loaf of French honey bread.
It just came out of the machine.
The kids aren't home.
And I'm afraid that my husband and I are going to eat the whole thing by ourselves.
French honey bread
Oh, well.
I can always make more tomorrow!
And I can't wait to see what the Food Yenta is going to have me making next.
I know I said that I wasn't going to do any traveling for a while.
But I guess that I'm a big fat liar.
My husband's birthday is today.
And, last week, when I asked him what he wanted to do, he said he wanted to go away.
Guess last year's stay-at-home celebration was too much for him.
After a tension-filled week of searching around for a place to go that wasn't too far or too expensive, and didn't infringe on Rosh Hashanah, we settled on some place relatively far and relatively expensive.
Key West.
A five hour drive.
And expensive only because it was the weekend of the 40th Annual Poker Run and most of the rooms were booked by motorcycle riding South Floridians.
But hey, you only turn 49 once, and the hubby loves the Keys.
Even spent part of his childhood in Islamorada.
So we went for it.
We rolled in to town on Friday afternoon and couldn't check in to our hotel yet.
So we strolled along Duval Street and checked out all of the motorcycles parked there.
I don't know much about the bike culture but I have to say that the motorcycles were all spanking clean and highly polished.
And really fun to look at.
(Hmm, could be my mid-life crisis antidote.)
After strolling for a bit, we got the call that our room was ready so we went back to the hotel and checked in.
And this is what was in our bedroom: 
Kind of set the tone for the 24 hours we were there.
[We were very clean.]
We also did some good walking, some amazing eating and a little shopping.
And all in all, the two days felt much longer than I thought they would.
It was a perfect little romantic getaway.
So Happy Birthday to my fun-loving, good-looking, kind and generous husband.
I love you.
And I would do anything for you.
But I'm not putting a jacuzzi in our bedroom.
It's hard to give everyone in my household the attention they deserve.
My husband, my kids, myself.
I frequently feel pulled in many worthy directions.
Mom. Mom.
Mom.
MOM.
While my husband sits there, having just made us some wonderful, healthy gourmet meal, watching his teenage step-kids try to get the most of me.
Just sitting there, biding his time.
Until it's his turn for attention.
It was his turn the other night.
It was a friend's 50th birthday (Shout out to TDS!) and to help him celebrate, we joined him at a local bar that's located right on the water, overlooking our town's lighthouse, with views stretching out both east and west.
After waiting out a five minute downpour, we gave the birthday boy our happy wishes and wandered down to the end of the dock.
And saw this:
Gorgeous, right?
But then we turned and faced the other direction, and saw this:
And instead of re-joining the party, we decided to stay at the end of the dock and watch the sun go down until we could no longer see it.
Probably right about here, we were both so taken by the romantic feeling that can only come from watching this kind of thing, plus having had a few cocktails, that we started full on making out.
Like a couple of college kids.
(A 63' Bertram yacht blocked the view of the people up at the bar.
No show here.)
Seriously, wouldn't you make out too if you were watching this with the one you loved?
As the sun sank lower and lower, I felt happier and happier.
And when it had gone completely underneath the bridge, we decided to head home.
All that making out had made us hungry.
Physically hungry.
There was salmon in our fridge, marinating in teriyaki and I wanted to make my newly famous garlic bread.
And yes, the kids were there.
Wanting to be fed and not wanting to cook for themselves.
Still moved by the gorgeous sunset, I wanted to show my husband how much I appreciated him.
You know, really show him.
But I didn't get a chance to until the next morning.
(I fell asleep on the couch.)
And later that day I said to him, "You deserve to get laid every single day.
Just knowing that should make you feel better.
Even if it doesn’t happen."
Am I right??
