I took almost two thousand photos when Mike and Patti visited in August.
With all the Senior HS photos, in addition to roadtrip and autumn foliage photos I’ve taken since their visit came to an end, I was only able to work on their photos when I had a few minutes here and there.
FINALLY I am done and I can write about their time here in Alaska!
Mike and Patti arrived around 9:30pm on Aug 8th.
With the four hour time difference, and the long day of travel, they were pretty exhausted when they arrived.
The sun was still shining brightly, which they thought was the neatest thing, and it was a warm evening by our standards (mid 60s).
For them, the weather was a welcome respite from the 100F+ temps they were experiencing in Philadelphia.
PIONEER PARK, RIVERBOAT DISCOVERY
The next morning, they were up earlier than I expected, considering the jet lag I’m sure they were experiencing.
We were booked on the 2pm Riverboat Discovery tour, but had a couple of hours before we had to be there.
I took them to Pioneer Park, where we walked the grounds, visited the gift shop cabins in Gold Rush Town, and enjoyed the sunny weather.
Their visit to Alaska was getting off to a GREAT start!
I got us to Riverboat Discovery early enough to allow some time to browse the gift shop and visit the 40-Below room.
I really wanted Mike and Patti to feel what winter is like here, as I encouraged them to return to AK for a visit in March (my favorite winter month) at some time in the future.
I’m not sure putting them in the 40-Below room worked in my favor.
We all enjoyed the Riverboat tour, and the weather was just perfect.
We shared a lot of laughter, and some fun moments.
Mike and Patti have an awesome sense of humor and I have the photos to prove it!
the sandhill cranes come back and the aurora appears in the night sky!
What a very busy summer we’ve had!
And it’s not getting any less busy.
I still haven’t had a chance to go through all the photos I took while my brother Mike and his girlfriend Patti were visiting, but I do have some photos to share that have been taken since they left.
I work on the photos from Mike’s visit when I have a few minutes of downtime - which is pretty much non-existent, since I’m also very busy photographing Class of 2013 high school students in their senior year.
Seniors need their yearbook photos submitted to the yearbook committee by mid-October.
Since I’ll be away the first two weeks in October (going to visit my kids in Madison!) they have to be done now.
PERMAFROST TUNNEL - FOX, ALASKA
This past weekend, the Permafrost Tunnel north of Fairbanks held an open house, and offered tours of the tunnel to the public.
The event was scheduled for Saturday and Sunday from 10am to 3pm.
They thought maybe a hundred people would come out for the event.
They were quite surprised when several hundred people came out.
My friend Julie and I got there at 11am on Saturday.
Because of the crowd, and because they could only take 15 people in a group, they had sign up sheets and gave you a time to come back.
We had a 2:30pm slot.
Since we were already on that end of town, we decided to go to Hilltop Truck Stop for a hearty breakfast.
Apparently a lot of other people had the same idea, as they were very busy.
Nevertheless, we found a table quickly and were soon chowing down on a yummy breakfast.
After breakfast, we drove up to Wickersham Dome since it was such a beautiful afternoon.
It was really nice to hang out with Julie again, and we enjoyed the scenic drive and catching up with each other.
Soon it was time to head back to the Permafrost Tunnel.
You can read a lot more about the Permafrost Tunnel at their website here.
Here’s a little bit of info, I copied from the website:
The Permafrost Tunnel was excavated into a man-made escarpment, and is approximately 110 meters in length, 2 to 2.5 meters high, 4 to 5 meters wide, and 15 meters below the surface.
The tunnel is composed of two portions: the adit (horizontal passage), which passes entirely through frozen silts, and the winze (inclined adit), which extends off of one side down 45 meters passing through silts, a gravel layer, and then into bedrock.
The bottom of the winze is approximately 5 meters lower than the adit.
The tunnel’s frozen walls expose a continuous cross section of undisturbed, perennially frozen, fossil-rich silt, sand, and gravel on top of bedrock.
Visible throughout the permafrost are a diverse assemblage of animal fossils and plant remains.
Beatles, mites, flies, moths, butterflies, and snail shells are all frozen in time.
Bones and teeth of bison, mammoth, and horse are among the vertebrate fossils that are visible.
It was really a cool place to visit (no pun intended)!
We had to wear jackets to go inside as it is kept at 25F so that the permafrost won’t melt.
The *aroma* inside was a bit unpleasant.
It smelled like rotting garbage, and that’s because of the roots and other plant matter poking through the dirt roof and decomposing in the air.
Our guide led us into the tunnel, explaining the different types of permafrost ice (wedges, cave ice, ice lenses) and pointing out the fossilized bones that were uncovered when the tunnel was dug.
I always find it so amazing to look at a bone that is 14,000 years old!
Mike and Patti left late on Friday night.
We had such a wonderful time with them visiting!
We filled each day to the fullest with outdoor activities, sight-seeing, and hanging out sharing laughs and great times.
We’re so happy they could visit.
We are already talking about their next visit - perhaps in winter to see the aurora and enjoy our winter activities.
I haven’t had a chance to sort through the thousands of photos I took yet, but I promise to get to it as soon as I can.
It’s going to be a very busy week for me, as I have several senior/grad shoots scheduled.
It’s that time of year when the Class of 2013 has to think about having their yearbook photos taken, and because Steve and I will be traveling in September, I’m limited on appointment slots.
I foresee many late nights this week, but that’s to be expected when the darkness starts to return.
We’re down to 18 hours of visible light, and believe me - I miss those other 6 hours greatly!
There is one advantage to darkness.
The stars are back - and so is the aurora.
It’s been visible several nights last week, although I slept right through them.
When the window of opportunity is narrow, it’s hard to pinpoint the exact time to be out there and ready with a camera.
It’s OK.
Winter will soon be upon us, and I’ll  have plenty of time to chase the lights.
Right now, getting as much sleep as I can, before winter insomnia hits, is the most important thing.
I don’t have any photos to share in this blog entry, but I did want to share the itinerary I made for my brother Mike and his girlfriend Patti.
It might look a little odd in two pages, but when it’s folded up, it makes more sense.
We did just about everything on the list, and then some!
This will give you a general idea of all the fun stuff we did over the last 10 days!
More details to follow…
Until next time!
My brother Mike and his girlfriend Patti are in the air, and about to cross over into Canada.
They should be landing in less than 4 hours!
We’re really looking forward to seeing them both.
They’ll be in town for just about 9 days.
Plans include the Riverboat Discovery (love those pre-season discount tix), a shuttle bus ride into Denali Park (we’re going to Eielson Visitor Center - about 8 hours RT), and a couple of days in Valdez.
The rest of our time will be spent exploring Fairbanks and vicinity.
It looks like the weather might even cooperate for us.
It’s been raining here in Fairbanks the last couple of days, but the sun is back out again, and it should hang around for several days.
Also, the aurora was spotted the other night, here in North Pole!
The window of opportunity to see the northern lights is slim, as we’re still not getting completely dark, but a band of green swirled across the sky a few days ago.
I wouldn’t have even thought to look for them at this time of year.
The earliest I’ve personally seen them is late in the third week of August.
It would be really neat if my brother and Patti got to see the aurora while they were here.
Well, I need to get back to straightening up the house before Mike and Patti arrive.
Raven is worse than a toddler, with her toys strewn all over the living room and kitchen!
Speaking of Raven, a funny thing happened the other day.
I came home from an appointment and found a fortune cookie wrapper on the floor.
The package was torn open oh so daintily - not torn into little pieces.
The cookie was gone, and the fortune was laying on the floor next to the wrapper.
The fortune said “Now is the time to try something new.”
I guess it was accurate, as I don’t think she’s ever had a fortune cookie before.
The last week has been a very busy one, but that seems to be the theme this summer.
As summer winds down (we’re already having fall-like temps in the morning), the drive to savor every single moment is stronger than ever.
In two months time, we’ll likely be seeing our first sticking snow; the snow that will stay until spring.
Summer is indeed short here in Interior Alaska.
I’m thankful for the stretch of spring and fall on either end.
It’s berry time in Alaska, and I spent an afternoon with my friend Julie and her son Brayden (age 3) up on Murphy Dome.
We hiked, we picked blueberries, we ate blueberries, and we walked some more.
We certainly weren’t alone up there.
The expanse of green and yellow tundra was dotted with people carrying buckets.
Many of these berry pickers were children.
Some wore colorful rubber boots, and almost all were dressed in brightly colored jackets and t-shirts.
Julie and I made our way across the bouncy tundra.
Muskeg generally has a water table just below the surface.
The grass and peat and other plants are pretty tightly woven and will support a persons weight, but when you walk across it, you get the sensation that you’re walking on a mattress.
Sometimes it’s as bouncy as a waterbed.
Not only is it a weird sensation to walk on this vegetation, but it’s a work out too.
The blueberries on top of Murphy Dome aren’t a secret, which is why there were so many people up there picking the day we went.
The bushes near the four-wheeler trail are pretty much picked clean, so you have to walk a distance to find the berries now.
Going downhill is hard enough, as there are rocks and tight thickets of bushes to watch your footing on, but coming back uphill is a butt-kicker!
Julie and I (and Brayden) picked about a pint of blueberries.
Our intent for going up to the top of the dome wasn’t to pick berries, so we weren’t fully prepared, however I did have a bag with me to collect our bounty in.
After picking for awhile, we decided to continue hiking out to the Tors rocks further down the four-wheeler trail.
The trail was quite muddy in places, and as we walked the sun seemed to get brighter and warmer.
It didn’t take long for us to start sweating and get thirsty, but we foolishly had left our water bottles in the car about 1/2 mile up the trail.
We won’t do that again!
The views from up on Murphy Dome are beautiful, especially when it’s a clear day.
There was some haze off in the distance, but we could see the Minto Flats area clearly.
Several hills off in the distance were tinted pink with fireweed.
It was beautiful!
When we reached the Tors rocks, we were disgusted to see that someone had spray painted the tall rock structure.
Why????
It aggravates me to see this human destruction.
Why can’t people leave nature as it was meant to be with it’s NATURAL beauty?!
I hope the harsh winter and time are strong enough to minimize or even eliminate the colored paint.
Seeing it made us both so angry.
Pam and I met more than 20 years ago.. probably closer to 30 years ago.
We worked together as data entry operators, and in between typing and listening to our cassette tapes (!), we’d find time to converse.
We were both divorced with small kids.
I think my sons were both under the age of 6, and her daughter was about 3 or 4 when we started hanging out.
We’d go to the park or playground, Six Flags, the Jersey Shore, or just hang out.
The kids all got along well, and it was nice to have another adult to talk to.
On the nights we could get a babysitter, Pam and I would go out dancing, or head to a local hang-out with other friends, to watch local bands perform.
When Steve and I decided to get married, I didn’t have much time to plan a wedding and make fancy arrangements.
But I knew I could count on Pam to be my Maid of Honor on the big day.
I had a small wedding party: just Pam and my niece Rachel as my flower girl.
Soon after I married Steve, I moved to Georgia with my sons, to start our new lives as a military family.
Pam still lives in the Philly suburbs.
She’s come a long way since those keyboard-punching data entry days.
Now she’s got a good job as a programmer.
We’ve kept in touch on and off over the years, but I think this is the first time we’ve seen each other in more than 15 years.
(I do believe I visited Philadelphia early in my marriage, and Pam and I got together and hung out, but nevertheless, it was a long time ago)
Pam arrived in Fairbanks a little after midnight.
It’s tough to advise guests on what to pack for a trip to AK, as our weather changes constantly.
In Fairbanks, we can see hot and sunny and temps in the 90s during the summer.
But we can also see rainy and overcast and temps in the 50s too.
Pam covered all bases, and her heavy bag reflected that.
Let me add though, that her bag also contained TASTYKAKES (YAY!!!) and ASHER’s Chocolate Covered Pretzels!
(Hint: the broken pretzels are much less expensive and taste just as good, but I think you can only purchase them at the factory in Souderton, PA)
CHENA HOT SPRINGS
I posted photos of the brochure I made for Pam a few blog entries ago.
Our first excursion was the day after she arrived.
We drove out to Chena Hot Springs so she could get a good soak in the hot water.
The drive was lovely, with sunshine and blue skies and a gorgeous 60-something.
We saw several moose, but the highlight was seeing a cow moose and twins near a creek.
Pam’s visit was starting off VERY well!
The *resort* looked so pretty with beautiful hanging baskets and gardens everywhere.
There was so much color and lushness.
I don’t think I’ve ever visited the resort in the summer months.
I usually go up in the spring and fall, just to look for wildlife along the way, or to photograph the new leaves of spring and the golden leaves of fall.
And a winter trip is always good, especially when there is a lot of hoarfrost.
Pam brought her bathing suit along, but wasn’t sure if she was going to soak in the springs.
I didn’t plan to soak, but I told her I could find many things to occupy my time and my camera lens while she was enjoying the hot water.
We checked out the outdoor pond, and there were only a few people in the water, so Pam decided she would get in for a little while ($10/pp to soak).
She really enjoyed it and said it soothed her travel-weary muscles and bones.
Afterwards, we had lunch at the restaurant.
We were both very pleased with our meal, and the fresh lettuce and produce that is served there (grown in greenhouses on the premises).
The drive back was beautiful too, and we continued into town to pick up some things at Sams for the camping trip to Denali and Seward.
A few weekends ago, four lady friends and I embarked on a “Girls Camping Trip” to McCarthy and Kennecott.
Plans had been in the works for several weeks, and since Julie and I had the most equipment to pack, we decided to all meet here at my house that morning.
Steve was home from work and would also assist us in loading the truck.
Julie graciously offered to drive her husband’s truck (crew cab with a roomy bed to hold all our stuff) the 1000 miles or so that we planned to cover in our long weekend.
Julie also supplied the tent - which was a ten man tent! - but it barely fit the five of us comfortably.
Of course we weren’t exactly spooning each other either.
*grin*
I had a screen house for us to use for some mosquito-free hanging out and eating, but it was a screen house we hand’t used but once in the entire 7 years we’ve owned it.
The reason?
The metal pipes don’t stay together, necessitating the use of duct tape to reinforce all joints.
Also, the screen house itself is really snug around the frame, which makes it somewhat of a challenge to put up - especially if you don’t have any tall people assisting.
Everyone packed their own gear, and also their own food.
But that doesn’t mean we didn’t overpack.
We certainly had enough food to feed a dozen more people for the weekend!
The drive down the Richardson Hwy was gorgeous as always.
The mountains were visible and even though it was overcast, the colors were just stunning.
Everything was so lush and green.
By the time we reached Glennallen, blue skies were peeking through the clouds.
Our base camp was at Kenny Lake Mercantile and RV Park about 4 miles in on the Edgerton Hwy (near Glennallen).
I was familiar with Kenny Lake and the on-site grocery, cafe, gas pumps, showers, and flush toilets.
The tent sites are roomy and fairly private with tall bushes dividing each site.
But as soon as we got out of the truck, we were surrounded by hungry, annoying, mosquitoes.
There were HUNDREDS of them!
So many that a couple of us dug for our head nets.
My elbows were full of bites by the time we got the tent and the screen house up.
I was very thankful that I had the foresight to pack the mosquito racquet zapper too, as it got put to good use in both the screen house and the tent.
My friend Pam flies home tonight.
It’s hard to believe that her visit is coming to an end.
We have had a wonderful time visiting with each other, and she has had the most fabulous time visiting Alaska!
She saw and experienced things that many people never get to see or do - least of all on an 8-day trip.
Pam Brochure Page 1Pam Brochure Page 1Here is the brochure I created for Pam.
When printed front and back and folded it makes more sense, but you can see in the brochure that we were busy just about every single day.
While we were in Denali, we had a lynx walk across the road right in front of us.
This beautiful kitty was a mere 20 feet from us, if that.
It was my very first lynx sighting EVER, and the fact that Pam came all the way to Alaska and had this experience is absolutely amazing.
She was a good luck charm for sure!
While in Denali, we had a huge grizzly cross the road right in front of our bus.
Once across the road, she found a nice comfortable place to lay down and nap.
She was there again on the way out of the park.
In Seward, we went on a Wildlife and Glacier Cruise with Major Marine, and we saw a pod of orcas and humpback whales that were bubble feeding.
We also had sunshine and warmth in Seward - not the usual weather for this coastal town.
On the way back to Fairbanks, Mt McKinley was visible.
Could it get more perfect?
I will have photos to share and much more to write about when things slow down a little more.
My friend Shan is up visiting from Palmer and we plan to have a great weekend while she’s in town!
I hope your July has been a fabulous one.
I’ve been having a wonderful month.
Oh… and Steve has already caught two halibut, a couple of rockfish, and a ling cod.
Going for a full freezer by the end of the summer!
I just got home from a wonderful weekend camping trip with four great lady friends.
We left Fairbanks on Thursday and didn’t get home until Sunday late afternoon.
Our trip took us from Fairbanks to Kennecott/McCarthy and then Valdez.
It was a fantastic getaway, and we all had a great time.
I’ll blog about the trip in a later entry.
Right now, I need to catch up on older photos from events and activities that I didn’t get a chance to write about.
WELCOME GRAYSON
My friend Karla and her husband Brent became the proud parents of an adorable little boy about a month ago.
A few weeks ago, she asked me to photograph Grayson - his first photos!
Here are a few from our session.
Sleepy Grayson 	Mommy and Baby 	A beautiful baby!
And this is my favorite.
I love that they had moose antlers on hand to use as a prop.
Enjoy your new bundle of joy, Karla and Brent!
Cherish these days, as time passes so quickly!
BOTANICAL GARDENS
A few weeks ago, we had a photography meet-up at the Georgeson Botanical Gardens at UAF. Quite a few members of our photography group showed up.
It was great to walk around the grounds photographing the pretty flowers.
Afterwards, we went to grab a bite to eat and talk photography.
Not sure what this is, but I love the colors.
I like the way this looked against the bright sky 	My friend Julie.
Friends Deena and Amanda 	Jimmy and Lara 	Teacup Flowerpots
Bumblebee 	Bumblebee 	Garden Footbridge
Pink Lilacs?
Garden Footbridge 	Deena on a frog in the kiddie section of the gardens
The train goes by as this couple is enjoying a rest 	More photography friends.
L to R: Erika, Julie, Amanda, Sol and Deena 	Loved the sunlight on the tree
Pretty place to sit in the shade 	Shady place and sunburst 	Columbine
Garden Statue 	Pretty pink flower
HORSES!
I took my friend Deena out to K Bar D Apparel, as Deena grew up around horses and didn’t know we had a western wear store in Fairbanks.
K Bar D is on the grounds of Movinfree Equestrian Center, which serves the local horse community by offering riding lessons and boarding stables.
In speaking with the owners, we found out that there was a quarter horse competition going on at the Tanana Valley Fairgrounds that day, so we drove over there to watch.
I don’t know a lot about horses or competition, but it was fun to watch folks of all ages, riding their horses and making them trot, walk backward, and obey other commands issued by the judge.
Points were tallied and winners were announced at the end of each age (skill?) class.
I didn’t realize there was a good size equestrian community here.
I know a few people who own horses here in the interior, but I always figured it wasn’t the norm.
I guess I was wrong!
Deena getting some lovin' from a horse at the stables 	One of the stable residents 	We saw a crane chick (called a colt) at the stables
This horsewoman was very color coordinated 	We enjoyed watching all the riders, from all age groups 	Another view of the horsewoman with the coordinated clothes and riding equipment
Quarter horse competitor 	Quarter horse competitor 	Quarter horse competitor
Quarter horse competitor 	Quarter horse competitor 	Quarter horse competitor
Quarter horse competitor 	Quarter horse competitor 	Quarter horse competitor
For more information about the Alaska State Quarter Horse Association and events taking place throughout the state, click here.
MIDNIGHT SUN FESTIVAL
The Midnight Sun Festival is always a good time.
Downtown Fairbanks comes alive with entertainment, activities, arts & crafts, vendors, music, and crowds!
We were lucky to have sunshine, but the heat was very oppressive.
Sunscreen was definitely needed, and it was the perfect day to pull out tank tops, shorts and sandals as we reached temps in the mid 80s.
One of the more fun events was the Yukon Quest Dawg Gone Canoe Race.
Each canoe had to have a driver, a handler and a dog aboard.
Costumes were encouraged, and there were several checkpoints along the way.
Entrance fees benefited the Yukon Quest.
I met a couple of friends down at the boat launch to grab photos of some of the competitors, but it was so hot standing out in the sun, we decided to head into town to find shade and check out some of the vendors and stands.
The canoes would be coming through the downtown area anyway, so we figured we’d see them again then.
In town, we wandered the streets, checking out the cool stuff for sale, and then settled in to listen to some bands perform before making our way to the dance stage.
I wanted to see my *belly sisters* perform.
I should have been dancing with them, but with our travel schedule I couldn’t make the rehearsals so I wouldn’t commit.
The “people watching” was great, as always.
I love the diverse makeup of the Fairbanks community.
Most of all I love that people here are quite tolerant, allowing for an interesting and entertaining day downtown.
A few hours later, we decided to run to Denny’s for a bite to eat and a place to sit and chat.
After dinner, several in our group went back downtown, but I was tired and hot and decided to go home instead.
The northern flying squirrel is about ten inches long from the tip of its nose to the tip of its tail.
It has very large, round black eyes that help it see at night and a long, flattened tail.
It has soft cinnamon brown and gray fur above and creamy white fur below.
It has a loose fold of skin between its front and rear feet.
When it stretches out its legs, this skin forms a kind of parachute that lets the squirrel glide from branch to branch.
As it approaches its landing site, it pulls up, slowing its descent!
When it is gliding, it uses its tail as a rudder to help it change direction.
The northern flying squirrel can be found in Canada and the northern United States including Alaska.
And guess who has one living in her yard?
I happened to see this guy hanging out on my bird feeder pole at 1am one morning.
He was stealing seeds and then checking out the inside of the bird house on top of the feeder pole.
I thought he was a bat at first!
He *flew* away after I took a few photos of him.
It was very cool!
I have since seen him two more times.
On July 3rd, I went to Chena Lakes with my friends Deena and Beth.
We went later in the evening (after 9pm) with the hopes of photographing the marmot family that lives near the river.
We weren’t successful in seeing them, but saw the most glorious sunset!
Then, just a few minutes before midnight (July 4th), a rainbow appeared in the sky and stretched in a huge arc from one end of the horizon to the other.
We drove to the tallest flag in the interior to photograph the rainbow behind the flag.
It was the perfect way to welcome Independence Day.
As you can see by all the photos I have been quite busy.
I have many photos from the girls camping trip this past weekend, and will also have many from my travels with my friend Pam - who arrives after midnight tonight.
I don’t think I’ll have time to sit here and write about our adventures until after she goes back to Philadelphia next week.
I can’t believe that July is nearly half over.
The summer is just flying by!
I am staying so busy, and I feel bad about not being able to update here regularly.
Such is life in Alaska when the sun shines!
I hope that you are all enjoying your summer (or winter if you live south of the equator!) I’ll write when I can.
Thank you for continuing to read!
I finally went through all the photos I took on our drive up the Haul Road (seen on the History Channel’s “Ice Road Truckers” show).
Thanks for bearing with me as I worked on them.
I hope you enjoyed the Denali photos in my last entry.
I still have other photos to share from various events and excursions around town.
In time…
This was my and Steve’s second trip up the Haul Road.
We drove it all the way to Prudhoe Bay in June, 2009.
If you’d like to read that account, you can find it here.
Deena and Lea had never been on the Dalton.
Friday, June 15th
We packed the truck up the night before, so all we had to do was throw our personal effects in the truck, load the dog, and hit the road.
We met my friends Deena and Lea at Hilltop Truck Stop on the Elliott Hwy just north of Fox, as they were following us to Prudhoe.
If you’re local and haven’t dined at Hilltop, you’re missing out.
Not only are they quite generous with their portions, but they’ve got plenty of ’stick to your ribs’ food to choose from.
We love their breakfasts, with home fries, reindeer sausage and eggs anyway you want them.
And their pie is so good that some people go to Hilltop just for dessert.
On the way, we made a stop at the Fox Spring to fill our 6-gallon water container.
The Fox Spring is on the Elliott Hwy just north of the intersection of the Elliott and the Steese.
The water is free; just bring your containers.
For many folks who live in homes with no running water, this is the stop of choice for drinking water.
We got to Hilltop around 9:15am and Deena and Lea (and Deena’s pups Rogan and Uno) were already there.
We had a very filling breakfast, Steve topped off the gas tank, and off we went.
We had a later start than planned, but with no darkness, it really didn’t matter what time we got on the road.
All ready to hit the road!
Steve, Raven, Me, Deena, and Lea:
All ready to hit the road!
We had CBs to communicate with each other, but that didn’t turn out as expected when Steve blew the fuse on ours, which left us without any form of communication except for sticking our arm out the window and waving.
We stopped at the Arctic Circle sign to take photos standing in front of it.
There’s a campground there, but we didn’t get a chance to check it out.
The mosquitoes were a nuisance so we didn’t stay long.
We made frequent stops to take photos, and then stopped in Coldfoot for dinner.
The dinner was a buffet which was overpriced (19.99/pp), considering they had run out of almost everything.
Because I’m such a picky eater, I declined the buffet and planned to eat a sandwich when we got set up at Marion Creek Campground four miles up the road.
I’m glad I did, because the others weren’t very happy about the offerings.
They even ran out of salad dressing!
It’s definitely a situation of first come, first served.
We arrived an hour after the buffet opened, and since most of the patrons are truckers, you can believe the food was practically gone by the time we got there.
Steve topped off the gas tank (more than $5/gallon) before driving to the campground.
Coldfoot is the last place to buy gas before you get to Deadhorse/Prudhoe Bay.
We had 25 gallons in gas cans that we planned to use to get us from Prudhoe back to Coldfoot.
We were all very thankful for the screen house that I packed.
The mosquitoes were annoying and being able to get inside with a racquet zapper in hand made life much more pleasant.
We picked up a couple at our local Walmart.
These things are GREAT!
Steve takes great pleasure in zapping them from the air.
Deena and Lea had reservations to take the tour to the Arctic Ocean where they could put their feet in the water, so the next day they had to be at the hotel in Deadhorse at 2:45pm.
The drive from Coldfoot to Prudhoe can take up to 10 hours depending on road construction and road conditions.
We all went to bed before 11pm.
Steve and I were not taking the Arctic Ocean tour, as we did it on our last trip, so we planned to sleep a little later and meet them in Deadhorse in time for dinner.
Photos from our drive from Fairbanks to Marion Creek Campground:
Inside the Arctic Circle Trading Post in Joy Alaska, about 50 miles north of Fairbanks 	Flowers in a backpack in Joy, AK 	Kettle Flowers in Joy AK
Building in Joy AK 	The Haul Road Dalton Hwy 	Roller Coaster Road
First glimpse of the Mighty Yukon River 	The Yukon River 	Yukon River Bridge.
This bridge carries the road and the pipeline across the river.
Yukon River Bridge 	Pipeline near the Yukon River Bridge.
There's a BLM Visitor Center here, with a short trail to the river and some informational panels 	Me, Steve and Deena at the Yukon River BLM Visitor Center.
Photo taken by Lea
A biker stops to take a photo of the rolling hills and the road.
This is a popular ride for bikers from all over the world.
Views from Finger Mountain BLM Wayside and day use area.
There is a walking trail to the tors rocks here.
Tors Rocks
Finger Rock in the distance 	The Haul Road and the Pipeline make an interesting pattern below 	Steve on the rocks
Lea and Deena 	Steve and me, taken by Deena 	Steve and me, taken by Deena
Alaska Cotton 	Cotton Fields and Storms 	Alaska Cotton
Storm clouds 	Storm Cloud 	Mosquitoes gather at a road stop
Road graders are constantly at work smoothing the road for the truckers 	All of us at the Arctic Circle 	Lea brought her Brazil Flag and asked me to stand with her
There were storms off in the distance, but we didn't get any rain on our drive to Coldfoot 	Rolling hills go off to the Brooks Range in the distance 	There are quite a few rivers and streams along the way
This is Grayling Lake.
Last time we did this drive, a bull moose was swimming across this lake 	Beautiful scenery!
River along the Dalton Hwy
Dalton Hwy views 	Dalton Hwy Views.
Storm in the distance.
Storm in the distance
Before we left Coldfoot, we watched this helicopter with firefighters land 	Our campsite at Marion Creek Campground.
The tarp on the screen house is to block the sun.
It was WARM! 	Deena and I are doing everything we can, to avoid being eaten alive by the skeeters!
Saturday, June 16th
Steve and I heard Lea and Deena moving around in their tent before 4am, but we didn’t have any problem falling back to sleep for a few hours.
We decided we would leave our tents and screen house set up at Marion Creek, as we were going to truck camp in the Atigun Pass area after our visit to Prudhoe.
Then we’d make our way back to Marion Creek and spend the night before heading home to Fairbanks.
Since the campground fee was only $8, it was easier to just pay for that night, and leave our stuff set up, even though we wouldn’t be sleeping there.
Steve and I had a wonderful drive up to Deadhorse.
We wondered how Deena and Lea were faring, as they were several hours ahead of us.
We hit a few areas of construction where we had to wait for and follow a pilot car, but other than that, it wasn’t too bad.
We made really good time and got up to Deadhorse a little before 4pm.
We knew that their tour was at 3pm and from what we understood, it was only an hour long.
Steve drove to the NAPA auto store (yes, they actually have one there!), to see if they had any replacement fuses for the CB.
No luck there.
(We later found out that the cigarette lighter fuse ALSO blew)
We drove back to where Deena’s truck was parked and were extremely surprised to see Lea sit up in the passenger seat.
It was then that we found out that Lea wasn’t able to go on the tour, due to some foul up with the young girl handling the reservations.
A few days earlier, Deena paid for the trip and gave them her license number so they could do a background check (required).
When Lea called to do the same, the girl who handled the reservation told her she didn’t need to pay in advance; that she just had to show up with her license and credit card.
However, just showing up didn’t give them enough time to do the background check, so she wasn’t permitted to go.
She was livid - and rightfully so!
This trip to Prudhoe was 1000 miles roundtrip.
The highlight was supposed to be seeing the Arctic Ocean and putting her feet in the water.
Instead, she spent several hours napping in Deena’s trucks with her dogs.
Lea wasn’t the only one denied.
Four German tourists were also given the same incorrect information and weren’t allowed to go either.
And those tourists paid several hundred dollars to ride with a tour company all the way to Prudhoe - all for nothing!
In my opinion, the people running the Arctic Ocean tour, should have to pay airfare to fly those people (and Lea) back up to do the tour, since it was their employee who made the error.
The tour ended up being more than 2 hours, so Deena didn’t get back until after 5pm.
They began serving dinner at one of the hotels (buffet-$19.99/pp)
a little while later, and the spread was amazing!
We ate until we were bursting, and Deena and Lea even took some extra pie to eat later.
Since the two of them had to race to Deadhorse to make the tour, they didn’t get a chance to really enjoy the drive from Coldfoot north.
After deciding where we were going to meet up and truck camp (somewhere around MP260), Steve and I began the drive south.
We knew that they were going to take their time to appreciate the scenery and stop for photos and figured they’d make it to camp a couple hours after us.
The drive back was stunning as expected.
Huge storms were off in the distance, and we watched the bottom fall out of huge dark clouds, dumping sheets of water on the hillsides and tundra.
The wind picked up and the temperature dropped, as the rain came closer, but we only drove through raindrops for a short time.
I took many photos of the amazing cloud formations, and the colorful rays of light that illuminated the tundra like spotlights at a concert.
When we reached the pull-out, Steve and I worked quickly to prepare the bed of the truck for sleeping (he has a cap on his truck), worried that the rain might find us.
When our work was done, we sat and relaxed with a glass of wine, while taking in our surroundings.
Next to the gravel parking area, a river flowed over big and small rocks, and the sound of the gurgling water was so peaceful.
We knew we were going to sleep well.
We watched the sun move down behind the mountains, but even when it dipped out of sight, the sky was still lit.
I love this time of year and all the light we have.
I watched the clouds turn orange and yellow as the sun moved behind the mountains, hanging close to the horizon but not entirely disappearing.
About an hour later, the sun began its ascent, and became visible when it reached an opening between two mountains.
I put my camera on my tripod and took several long exposure photographs, knowing that I would capture the sun rays that way.
It was stunning!
At 2:30am, Deena and Lea still hadn’t arrived.
We were a bit worried, but after seeing the gorgeous sunset and sunrise, I figured they were having a wonderful time taking photos.
Since there’s only one road, we knew they didn’t drive past us.
At 3am, Steve and I climbed into the truck with Raven and prepared for bed.
Only 10 minutes later they showed up.
They had gotten a flat!
Fortunately, they were able to hobble to an area where there was a road construction crew, as it was a slow leak due to a sharp rock embedded in the tire.
Deena used her CB to ask for help, and one of the road crew guys radioed the truckers to see if anyone had an air pump and repair kit.
Two drivers for Carlile company (the company that is featured on Ice Road Truckers) stopped to aid the damsels in distress.
Not only did they have an air pump, but they were able to plug her tire and make it good as new too.
Angels to the rescue!
By the time Deena and Lea got to our camping area, they had been up nearly 24 hours.
I don’t think it took longer than five minutes for them to fall asleep once they climbed into the back of their truck and closed their eyes.
Here are photos taken between Marion Creek Campground and Prudhoe, and also on the drive back to our riverside campsite:
Steve and I saw a moose almost immediately after leaving Marion Creek Campground 	This was taken from a pull-off as we were climbing the road up and over Atigun Pass.
Atigun Pass is 4,800 feet and in the Brooks Range.
It is the highest highway pass in Alaska.
View from Atigun Pass
View from Atigun Pass on the way to Deadhorse.
The sun was really bright!
Coming down from the pass 	This is the same place we truck camped on the way back.
The beautiful river we slept beside 	Ground squirrels lived in these rocks.
Such a pretty place to camp!
We passed so many pretty ponds and lakes 	The clouds were really pretty too.
Fields of Wildflowers.
I think this is wild sweet pea and Nootka lupine.
The pipeline is in the background
Bicyclists also take to the road.
Deena was calling them 'meals on wheels'.
At first I thought this was a snowy owl with summer plumage, but further research indicates that it's a 'short-eared owl'.
I thought it was funny that the arctic ground squirrel was watching the caribou.
Caribou 	There were large groups of caribou up near Deadhorse.
Behind them is Franklin Bluffs 	An oil rig up at Prudhoe Bay
General Store - and NAPA 	Alaska Airlines flies workers on and off the North Slope 	After dinner, we headed back to Atigun Pass.
We had to wait for the caribou to cross the road though.
Big storm ahead!
I bet these guys are happy to be past that mess!
Most of these photos were shot from a moving car, and through the windshield.
Nice reflections of storm clouds
The colors of the sunlight are amazing!
Pretty sunbeams 	Steve empties the gas cans into the tank so we can make it back to Coldfoot
While he poured gas, I walked around taking photos 	Pretty sunbeams 	Absolutely gorgeous!
One of my favorite sunbeam photos!
Pipeline and sunset colored clouds 	Pipeline and storm clouds
Stormy Skies 	Skies are clearing 	Field of flowers
Steve found a pair of glasses 	Mountain Avens 	We called this guy 'Randall Flagg', from the Stephen King book The Stand
Another storm in the distance 	Mist or rain?
Mountain Avens
We saw this several times 	Pretty mountains and lake 	Galbraith from Road.
It used to be a pretty place to camp, but now they've got road crew people staging there so you can't use it.
Pipeline and mountains 	Pipeline and mountains 	Dalton Skies
Sunset colors 	Lake and Mountains 	Pipeline Bridge
Dalton Hwy Sunset Colors 	This bridge was next to where we camped.
The ravens roosted there at night.
Sunset from our campsite
Loved the view from our campsite 	The river flowed next to the parking area 	I used long exposures to make the water look like silk
Soft Water 	Soft Water 	The sun started to come up again, and burst between the mountains
Sunrise and orange water 	Sunrise on the water 	The sky brightens as the sun travels higher in the sky.
Sunday, June 17th
At about 7am, a couple in a pickup truck with two noisy dogs, showed up and let their dogs out to run wild.
Their barking woke us all up, after less than 4 hours of sleep.
When they saw that they woke us (Deena stepped out of her truck and shot daggers from her eyes!), they left.
I think we were able to sleep another hour before getting up for the day.
We had a leisurely morning, and after having our coffee, we three gals took a walk around the area with our cameras.
Steve stayed in the back of the truck with Raven, dozing off and on.
When it looked like rain was coming, we packed up the trucks and headed for Marion Creek Campground.
We didn’t have far to go (about 100 miles).
The rain never came.
In fact, it turned out to be really warm, and we saw highs in the 80s at times.
We diverted into Wiseman to have a look around.
While there, we met George Lounsbury, who has a very cool collection of artifacts, ledgers, photographs and other memorabilia in a cabin on his property.
He regaled us with stories about Wiseman and mining, and then he and Steve conversed about the military and other topics, while the gals and I walked around the town taking photos.
You can hear some audio tapes of Mr. Lounsbury talking about Wiseman and mining, that were recorded back in 1992 at this website.
When we got back to camp, we cut up some cheese and pepperoni, boiled some water for soup and other camp food, and opened a bottle of wine.
It didn’t take long for all of us to start yawning.
I’m sure it’s because we didn’t get much sleep the night before.
Monday, June 18th
At 7am, Deena shook our tent to wake us up (we could have slept several more hours!), and we broke camp and loaded up the trucks.
We grabbed a filling breakfast in Coldfoot after topping off the gas tanks.
We only stopped a few times between Coldfoot and Fairbanks.
One stop was at the Hot Spot Cafe at MP61.
Steve and I stopped here last time we drove the Haul Rd, to get some ice cream.
We did the same this time, although her prices sure went through the roof.
I guess when there’s no other option, you can charge what you want.
It was nice to stretch our legs and check out the stuff she’s got in her gift shop.
We planned to meet up at the end of the highway, where the Dalton Hwy sign is, so that we could get a photo of our vehicles (and us) at the end of the drive.
Once we took the photos, we said our goodbyes, as we didn’t have any plans of stopping until we were home.
All in all, we couldn’t have had a better weekend, weather wise.
It would have been better if Deena wouldn’t have gotten a flat.
Or if Lea had been able to go on the tour.
And I would have liked to have seen the musk ox next to the road (like Deena did!).
They saw bears too; we didn’t.
But the landscape was amazing!
The mountains, the tundra, the lakes, the sunset colors, and the storm clouds - they were all so gorgeous.
It’s such a spectacular drive!
Here are the rest of the photos from our trip.
These were taken between our riverside campsite and home.
We live with this world in a very special way.
It means living with the land, with the animals and with the birds and fish as though they were your brothers and sisters.
It means saying the land is an old friend, and old friend that your father knew and your grandfather knew… indeed a friend that your people have always known.” ~ Richard Nerysoo, Native Elder
Hello faithful readers!
I am so behind on photo processing from all the trips and activities I’ve been enjoying so far this summer, and I don’t see it easing up until winter comes back.
I’m not complaining, but I do feel a little stressed about not keeping my blog updated.
Maybe I take too many photos!
*grin*
Although I haven’t yet written about our wonderful trip to Prudhoe Bay a couple of weeks ago (still working on those photos, as I took more than 1000!),
I have managed to go through and process photos I took a couple of days ago, when my friend Deena and I spent the night in Denali Park.
Deena and I booked the 9:15am shuttle to Wonder Lake on Tuesday morning.
We got up very early so we could get to the park, check into the campground (and pick a site), and catch our bus.
We were on the road by 6am.
Thank goodness for 24 hours of daylight, but even daylight can’t help when you’re exhausted.
I think we both only got about 5 hours sleep the night before.
We checked in at the Wilderness Access Center, and had enough time to do a lap through Riley Creek Campground to choose a tent site.
It was drizzling rain when we got to the park - not the best weather for a scenic bus ride, or for tent camping.
When we loaded the bus there were only 5 other people riding with us.
I think this is the least amount of people I’ve had on a bus with me since I’ve been coming to the park.
Needless to say, we had our pick of seats, and we didn’t have to sit next to anyone.
Our bus driver ( Mike Reifler ) wasn’t the most talkative driver I’ve ever ridden with, but the information he did share was interesting.
And he was good about stopping when we saw wildlife, which was nice.
He also stopped so that we could step off the bus and take landscape photos.
That was a first for me - and very much appreciated!
The rain was heavy at times, and it was chilly despite my layers and rain jacket.
The clouds were dark and hung low, obliterating any views of the surrounding landscape.
It wasn’t the best start to a drive.
We kept our hopes up that the skies would clear and we’d be able to see some of the grandeur that is Denali National Park.
Keeping our hopes up didn’t work very well, unfortunately.
At least not until we were on our way back out.
So, while we had rain and clouds all the way to Wonder Lake (about 85 miles), we did see some clearing on the way back.
And by the time we got to the last 30 miles, we were seeing tiny patches of blue sky showing through, with a little bit of sunshine.
It wasn’t all that bad though.
Rain and clouds provide a beautiful light for landscapes, enhancing colors and lending a dewy look.
And the wildlife didn’t mind being wet either.
We saw a mama grizzly and her cubs, as well as a couple of other bears.
We saw sheep, moose, caribou, arctic ground squirrels, and a golden eagle on our bus ride.
After the bus ride, we set up camp.
Fortunately the rain had stopped so we were able to get everything set up without being soaked.
We were so thankful for that.
Once the tent was up, we drove to Glitter Gulch (the local term for the seasonal roadside strip that’s home to hotels and restaurants.)
It’s really called Nenana Canyon, but Glitter Gulch suits it much better as it’s an explosion of touristy stuff.
We decided to have dinner at Prospectors Pizzeria and Alehouse, which serves yummy food and has 49 beers on tap.
I love to try a new beer when there’s the opportunity to do so.
We both had the chicken alfredo which was awesome, and full of garlicky-seasoned chicken breast pieces.
They certainly didn’t skimp on the portion either.
Best of all, if you’re staying in the park area, and have had too much to drink, they have a free shuttle that will take you back to your hotel/campground.
We didn’t overindulge.
We talked to another photographer while sitting and eating at the bar.
Steve Thomas posts his photos on the Delta News Web site (Delta, AK).
He started working in Denali Park a few years ago, so he could be closer to the wildlife and beautiful landscapes.
I envy him the opportunity.
He entertained us with stories about close encounters with bears and seeing newborn wildlife, still wet from birth!
So incredible!
After our late dinner (nearly midnight by the time we left there), we decided to drive back into the park for some evening photographs.
We also hoped to see some wildlife.
We had our tripods set up and were photographing the evening landscape, when Deena caught movement about 20 yards up the road.
A wolf had come out of the willow thickets and was crossing the road!
We tossed our tripods into the truck, and slowly made our way to where we saw him.
When we got to the area where he crossed, we were thrilled to see that he had crouched down in the thickets and was looking right at us!!
The light was so poor, that we had to boost our ISO (which makes photos quite noisy/grainy).
In addition, any movement caused blur, even the slightest movement of the leaves on the bushes.
It was frustrating, and many of our photos didn’t even turn out, but what an experience!
We both feel so honored that he allowed us to get so close to him (while in our vehicle) and photograph him.
After a few minutes, he came out of the bushes, stopped to look back at us, and then ran down the road before crossing and disappearing into the bushes on the other side.
s soon as we got back to the campground and climbed into our sleeping bags, I think we were out cold.
I slept really well, and the cool night air was perfect for a restful night.
At 4am, we both opened our eyes, looked at each other and when we discovered it was only 4am (you lose track of time with all the daylight), we went back to sleep for a few more hours.
The next morning, we packed up camp, stopped in at the Riley Creek Campground Mercantile and bought two big cups of coffee (they have a Starbucks in there now!).
We decided to drive back into the park to Savage River, which is as far as you can go without riding the shuttle.
The weather was much better, with partly cloudy skies and no rain.
We hiked the Savage River Trail down one side and back on the other, but didn’t see anything but ground squirrels and ptarmigan.
Of course the scenery was gorgeous!
On the way back to the truck, we came upon a ptarmigan hen with two fluffy chicks that didn’t seem to mind having cameras pointed at them.
We also saw a bald eagle at the top of a dead spruce in a dried up beaver pond.
The drive back to Fairbanks was uneventful.
We stopped at St Marks Mission Church and the cemetery in Nenana (Deena had never been there) on the way home.
The only wildlife I saw there was a juvenile robin with its mottled breast feathers.
I had never seen one before.
They’re very pretty.
Here are the rest of the photos from our Denali trip:
It was a fabulous getaway with a great friend!
So glad we could do it.
My next adventure will begin next Thursday, when I go with five other friends on a “Girls Camping Trip” to Kennecott and McCarthy for four days/three nights.
So excited about that too.
I’ve been to Kennecott several times, but I don’t think any of the other ladies have ever been.
I’m looking forward to sharing it with them.
We’re also planning a day trip to Valdez while we’re there.
Hopefully we’ll get to meet up with Deena while we’re in Valdez, as she will be down there with her family.
My friend Pam arrives very early on the 11th, so I’m barely going to have time to breathe before my adventure with her starts.
It’s going to be a great summer!
I’ll try to get my Prudhoe Bay blog entry up over the next couple of days.
There are more things I need to write about too: the Midnight Sun Festival, photos taken at the Botanical Gardens, around town, and portrait sessions.
Busy busy busy!!!
Sorry I haven’t updated here since the 13th.
I think this is the longest I’ve gone without writing and posting photos.
I’ve been busy with not only travels, but with portrait sessions too.
You have probably seen blog entries that are password protected.
These are proof pages for my portrait clients, and I do that to preserve their privacy.
I have another proof page to post later on tonight or tomorrow, and then I can get back to working on photos from our AWESOME trip up the Dalton Hwy (the Haul Road) to Deadhorse/Prudhoe Bay.
It was a fabulous trip with the most amazing weather, and glorious scenery.
I took almost 1000 photos over that four day weekend.
Needless to say, it’s taking me some time to go through them, especially while being busy with portrait sessions.
Life isn’t going to slow much over the next couple of months.
I will be traveling quite a bit, and we will be having guests visiting in both July and August.
But such is life in Alaska during the summer months.
Summer is too fleeting to spend in front of a computer!
I will try to get a blog entry up about our Dalton Hwy trip soon.
If you’re here in the northern hemisphere, I hope you are enjoying the long days of summer.
I certainly am!
What a busy week I’ve had!
My camera has been working overtime.
So much, in fact, that the auto-focus motor on my favorite lens burned out.
I am not happy about this.
It’s a $1200.00
lens and I’ve had it for four years.
It’s an INVESTMENT, not some throwaway electronic.
I’m probably going to have to send it to Canon to be repaired.
This puts a serious crimp in my photography, as I will now have to be traveling without it.
I do have the new Tamron lens I bought a couple of weeks ago, and it will fill in for the malfunctioning lens, but it’s not *L* glass, which is some of the best glass made.
While it takes good photos, it doesn’t take the same quality photos my good lens does.
I’m really rather upset about this - especially as I head into a very busy travel year.
I wish it would have happened in the winter.
But enough of the bad news…
TRANSIT OF VENUS
Back on June 6th, an amazing thing occurred - a transit of Venus.
A transit of Venus occurs when Venus passes directly between the sun and earth.
This alignment is rare, coming in pairs that are eight years apart but separated by over a century.
The most recent transit of Venus occurred in 2004.
After this recent transit of Venus (the last one in our lifetime), the next such alignment will not occur until 2117.
Fairbanks was a very popular place to watch the transit from because at the time of the transit, the sun was high in the sky, and remained high in the sky until later in the evening.
The local library hosted folks from The Fairbanks Astronomical Unit, NASA’s Solar Dynamics Observatory, the Alaska Space Grant Program, and the Geophysical Institute.
There were activities for the kids, telescopes set up (with solar filters) to watch the transit, and other exciting and informative events going on.
I didn’t make it to the library, and in fact I didn’t even think we’d be able to see the transit, as clouds had rolled over North Pole, blocking the sun.
I went about my chores, not even thinking about going out to photograph the event.
And then the clouds started to blow off, and I scrambled to get my camera set up.
I used my 100-400mm lens, on which I stacked my ND8 neutral density filter and my polarizer to cut down on the brightness of photographing the sun directly.
I used Live View to compose and focus my camera, and then just pressed the shutter button periodically.
It was so bright outside, that I wasn’t even sure if I was capturing anything.
Fortunately, there were intermittent clouds which helped with filtering the light of the sun too.
It wasn’t until I got back inside and downloaded my memory cards, that I saw I had indeed captured the dark disk of Venus on the face of the sun!
I took my camera out for a walk in the yard.
I noticed that the bumblebees were out in force, flitting from one bluebell to another.
I was determined to get a nice closeup photo of these insects at work pollinating the flowers.
I had to get pretty close to them, but they didn’t seem to care I was nearby.
Their fat yellow and orange striped bodies landed on bloom after bloom, where they’d stick their head far up inside, to get to the stamen.
Their hind legs had heavy pollen baskets on them.
So amazing!
From Wiki: The pollen basket or corbicula is part of the tibia on the hind legs of honey bees, bumblebees, stingless bees, and orchid bees.
The corbicula is a polished concavity surrounded by a fringe of hairs, into which the pollen is placed.
A bee moistens the forelegs with a protruding tongue and brushes the pollen that has collected on head, body and forward appendages to the hind legs.
The pollen is transferred to the pollen comb on the hind legs and then combed, pressed, compacted, and transferred to the corbicula on the outside surface of the tibia of the hind legs.
A single hair functions as a pin that secures the middle of the pollen load.
Now that summer is upon us, there are a lot of events and activities to enjoy in town.
One of my favorites is Gazebo Nights at Pioneer Park.
The belly dance community is performing on Thursday evenings in June.
If you’re local, head over there and see some fabulous dancers.
I wish I could dance with my group, but my schedule this summer is too crazy for me to make rehearsals, so they will be dancing without me.
They’ll be performing at the Tanana Valley Fair this summer too.
(Here’s the schedule for this summer.
You can enjoy singing, dancing, musicians, and more.
And it’s all FREE!)
Before the performance, I was people watching with my friend Julie, and we happened to see this adorable little girl dressed in a fairy princess outfit, picking dandelions.
I just had to take photos of her.
I caught this image of her, holding her bouquet of dandelions out to her mama - who was one of the dancers.
She later told me the image brought tears to her eyes.
I had to run a few errands and my friend Julie said she’d go with me.
After doing what I had to do, we decided to take a walk on the path around Wander Lake at Wedgewood Resort.
We had her son Brayden with us, so we put him in his stroller, clipped on an OFF repellent fan, and sprayed him down with some organic bug spray I carry in my car.
The mosquitoes were HORRID!
The path through the woods is really pretty, with several footbridges, split rail fences, wildflowers, towering spruce, and beautiful views of Wander Lake itself.
It’s really a beautiful walk, but you’re not permitted to take dogs on the trail, so I don’t go very often.
There is a photographer’s blind set up on the lake, so that you can view and photograph waterfowl without startling them.
The day we were there we only saw some gulls and a goose.
But the dragonflies and damselflies were very abundant.
Julie and I spent about 45 minutes standing at pond’s edge with our cameras, trying to capture the fast-moving insect ‘helicopters’.
One of the dragonflies we photographed is the Four-Spotted Skimmer Dragonfly, which happens to be Alaska’s State Insect.
After our walk, we drove around Wedgewood Resort’s property, checking out some of the neat things they have on display (old vehicles, a small plane, a cabin, beautiful flower beds and hanging baskets, and much more.)
I drove down to Delta Junction yesterday, with my friend Deena.
My friend Karla has an adorable new baby boy and asked me to take his first photos.
Little Grayson is a sweetheart, and I enjoyed capturing his tiny feet and hands, and his sweet little face, with my camera.
I hope to share a few images with you in my next blog entry.
Steve and I are roadtripping this weekend.
We’re driving up the Haul Road (officially the Dalton) to Deadhorse/Prudhoe.
We did this trip in June a couple of years ago, and are looking forward to doing it again.
Well, except for the mosquitoes.
Hopefully the cooler temps up north have kept the mosquitoes down.
I heard there was fresh snow at Atigun Pass.
It’s a long drive (about 1000 miles roundtrip), and we’ll be taking a few days to do it.
My friends Deena and Lea are following us in Deena’s truck.
They’ll be doing the Arctic Ocean tour when we get to Deadhorse.
Since Steve and I have already done that, we’re not going to do it again.
But we do plan to eat some chow while we’re there.
They sure do feed the oil field workers well!
We’ve had a lot of rain lately, with periods of sunshine.
If it’s going to rain on this trip, I hope it’s brief.
I’m really tired of gray skies and rain, although my flowers are loving it.
And they are keeping the wildfires down, so I guess I should be thankful for that.
I’ve got a Girls Camping Trip planned for the weekend after July 4th.
Five friends and I are going to Kennecott/McCarthy for a long weekend.
We’re tenting it and I’m the only one who has been out to the Kennecott Mine, so I’m really excited to be with them for their first time.
It’s such a cool place!
I just hope the weather cooperates.
Rain and tenting doesn’t always mix very well.
I’ll be taking the screen house so we’ll have some protection, but no rain would be better.
I’m really looking forward to going.
I met all these gals through our photography group, so no doubt there will be more camera gear than food!
It’s been another busy week for me.
Scenic drives, meet-ups with friends, meeting new people, and enjoying the great outdoors.
Ahhh.. summer in Alaska!
STEESE HIGHWAY DRIVE
On Thursday, I went on a scenic drive up the Steese Highway with my friend Julie.
Raven went along, as did her 3yo son, Brayden.
Both Brayden and Raven were good passengers, but we had to laugh because their names sound so much alike that they often would both respond no matter what name Julie or I said.
I was concerned as there were reports of flooding on the highway near Central, and in many places between Central and Circle - the end of the highway (MP 161).
We decided we’d go as far as we could, without taking any risks.
Well, by the time we drove in and out of the White Mountain Rec Area, there really wasn’t much time to go too far.
We drove until about mile 112, and then turned around and came back to Fairbanks.
All in all, we drove about 270 miles.
You may recall that I drove up the Steese Hwy with my friend Amanda back in April (about 6 weeks ago).
The landscape has changed tremendously since then, with the biggest change being the ability to drive into the White Mountain Rec Area to both the Ophir and Prindle campgrounds.
When I went with Amanda, we could only get as far as the overlook due to deep snow in the highest elevations.
There is still some snow and ice on top of many of the streams, rives, and ponds, but the water below is quite visible, and there’s a constant drip as it melts under the midnight sun.
The hills are green now, instead of white with snow.
They’re not as lush as they will get over the next few weeks, but they are changing quickly.
We came across several different types of alpine wildflowers in the higher elevations: anemones, arctic azaleas, wooly lousewort, and purple oxytrope.
Here in the lower elevations, we’re seeing the bluebells and prickly rose starting to bloom, as well as frigid arnica, sweet pea, arctic sandwort, and more.
I just put my Verna Pratt wildflower book back in my camera bag.
I love that the book is color coded, which makes it much easier to find and identify the flowers I find along the way.
We had some really stormy looking skies throughout the drive, but didn’t get any rain until we were near the end of the drive.
Even then, it wasn’t very heavy.
Perfect timing!
I had lunch with my good friend Kathee on Friday.
We had yummy salads at her house.
After we ate, she took me down to meet her other friend, and neighbor, Susan.
Susan and her husband Mike Wilson own the Aurora Express B&B.
The Aurora-Express is a Bed and Breakfast here in Fairbanks, made out of authentic Alaska Railroad cars renovated to historical periods.
(Read about how they got the cars up to their property!)
It was so neat to tour the different cars, while Susan told me about the history of them.
The view from the railroad cars is magnificent, as it is located high in the hills with sweeping views of the Alaska Range, the Tanana Valley, and the city of Fairbanks.
I took photos of the different cars, each with their uniquely decorated rooms.
The B&B is only open during the summer months, but I could imagine staying there during aurora season.
It would be amazing to stay in such a cool place and be able to stand outside and watch the northern lights move across the sky.
I did talk to Susan about it, but it’s just not possible to have the B&B open during the winter as the water lines would freeze, and it would be extremely expensive to keep the cars heated.
I’m going to copy and paste information from their website here, to describe the photos I took.
I hope Susan doesn’t mind.One of the rail cars, originally named by the Pullman Company, “The National Domain” has been renovated into four elegant suites.
Each room is individually decorated and unique.
Arched ten foot high ceilings have been hand-painted by a local artist, Josef Paul, reflecting the ‘grandeur’ of a bygone era.
The four suites are The Gold Mine Suite, The Immaculate Conception Suite, The Can Can Suite, and The Bordello Suite.
The Gold Mine Suite has a private entry, queen size bed, and bath.
The room is magnificent with a beautiful 10-foot ceiling, an Italian hand blown glass chandelier, and antiques.
It is decorated in rich golds and with the luxury that befitted the homes of the gold miners who struck it rich in Alaska’s gold rush.
The Immaculate Conception Suite has a private entry, queen size bed, and bath.
The room is a magnificent rendition of the historical Immaculate Conception church on the banks of the Chena river.
Beautiful 10-foot ceilings adorned with a sky-scape invite you to a heavenly slumber.
The Can Can Suite has a private entry, queen size bed, and bath.
This room is a whimsical creation that tempts one to dance the night away as the CanCan girls had done in the gold rush era.
The Bordello Suite has a private entry, queen size bed, and bath.
The room filled with rich luxurious colors and a hand painted ceiling dripping with crystal chandeliers.
It’s paintings, fabrics, colors and fixtures reflect the risqué bordello atmosphere of Fairbanks’s past.
The National Emblem” has been restored to its original state, and provides the cozy accommodations which grand sleeper cars offered in the past.
This car is an excellent choice for large families or groups traveling together.
“The Golden Nellie” was originally titled Caboose #1068.
It has been superbly restored as a private suite-car for those who demand the ultimate in luxury and privacy.
Golden ceilings, heavy burgundy velvet drapes and a queen size bed will have you feeling as if you were an old-time railroad magnate.
Even the original chairs are there and have been recovered with beautiful brocade fabric.
A golden ladder leads you up to the covered observation deck above.
The “Arlene“, originally used as a hospital car during WWII, has been remodeled to a private 85-foot car with 2 bedrooms including a queen size bed and 2 twin beds.
This car provides a private bath and living room with a T.V.
“The Diner Car” is an eighty-five foot long car boasting seating for twenty-four, with a separate seating area with telephone and television.
A ten foot high arched ceiling is adorned with a Mural of an eight foot Bald Eagle soaring in the Northern Lights (mural painted by Milo Marks an Athabaskan Indian from the Nenana.)
Breakfast is served in The Diner Car each morning.
I met up with several photography friends downtown for First Friday events.
Several in our online group had their work on display at various venues, and we made the rounds.
We also stopped to see “The Moving Wall” a half-size replica of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial.
It was raining when we got there, and chilly.
A woman in uniform was reading out the names of Vietnam casualties, one of many volunteers who gave of their time to read the names of the 58,272 Vietnam casualties.
The falling rain added to my feeling of sadness for so many lost lives.
Tears from heaven…
Last night, at midnight, we had the most beautiful sunset.
The sky lit up blood orange, and the beautiful light bathed the white birch, making them look pink in the evening sky.
Fairbanks currently has 21 hours of sunlight, and 24 hours of visible light.
There was even a rainbow!
Things are really starting to bloom around here now.
Bluebells are popping up all over, and the prickly rose bushes have buds.
The labrador tea on the side of our house has flowers on it too.
I also saw a frigid arnica in a field while walking Raven.
Each morning I wake to dewdrops on the grass, and the sun makes them glisten like diamonds.
Tonight, the skies suddenly turned a deep gray, the temperature dropped a good 12 degrees, the wind started whipping the trees back and forth, and then rain began to fall.
Not for long though.
The rain quickly turned to hail - pretty good size pellets between 1/4 and 1/2 inch across.
The sound of it bouncing off the sides of our house, and our windows was so loud!
I stood out on the front porch watching it bounce off the roof and the rain gutters.
It was rather amazing!
I’m so glad I don’t have my hanging baskets ready yet; they wouldn’t have survived.
The hail has mostly melted.
I hope we don’t have a repeat performance.
I wonder how many gardens were destroyed?
Any kind of weather is possible throughout the year here in Alaska.
In 2006, we had snow on June 4th.
I guess I should be happy for hail instead.
