Cruise to Alaska - Juneau
I am still .. on my travelling tour in Australia right now but as my friends would know i took a 7 day cruise to Alaska.
One of the ship's first stops was at Juneau where i took a helicopter ride to a glacier.
Alaska was breathtakingly beautiful.
It was one amazing view after another, sometimes we spotted whales and dolphins in the distance as well.
Sailing into Juneau
Getting ready for the helicopter ride...
As we landed on the glacier, i remembered marveling at how blue the ice was underneath my feet.
We wandered around with a guide and drank fresh water running through the glacier.
Walking around, the guide explained to us regarding on how glaciers are formed 
Ending my day in Juneau with a ice cold beer at the Red Dog saloon where Wyatt Earl famously left his gun and never had a chance to claim it.
Now i understand the allure of the West Coast, I loved the Seattle vibe ~ The customary cup of Joe I was fortunate enough to catch salmon spawning season as they fought the currents to swim up the river to mate.
Seeing how hard they swam was simply breathtaking ....and gave me inspiration to eat salmon at Pike Market.
Hey...
I am a realist afterall.
I wanted to go to a beach.
That was all.
Then, i booked tickets to San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Carribean, Atlantic .... you know.. i don't care when i chilled out and relaxed on the white sandy beach and the clear blue ocean.
Standing under the warm sun and feeling the waves rushing towards me, i closed my eyes and praised the heavens for a beautiful day.
Old Town
And of course, history has always interested me, The Forts of Old San Juan - the oldest ports in the region & a UNESCO protected site,
And the highlight of my trip, sadly not photographed, was a kayating tour into the bio-luminescent lagoon.
As we kayat in the dark, the water glowed around us with each paddle.
It was beautiful, as the water glowed around my finger tips and flowed down my arm.
Island Kayating :)  The guides patiently explained to us that it was a chemical reaction from the micro organisms that fed on the tree roots in the mangrove swamp.
We saw the roots glowing faintly under the water.
All in all, a beautiful and relaxing trip.
“Most of life is hell.
It’s filled with failure and loss.
But you’ll never get to the next great moment if you don’t keep going.
So that’s what I do.
I keep going.”
1.5 times higher than Niagara Falls, off i went with my day tour to Montmorency Falls.
It was gorgeous, and a nice walk in the park.
But who was i kidding, i was still under the thrall of Niagara falls yesterday - HA!
Then off to Quebec,
Plains of Abraham - where the climatic battle happened between the British & the French
A beautiful memorial with Joan of Arc
Petit Champlain - charming little rows of shophouses
Old Quebec
Old Quebec is still a walled city even till today.
In fact, there is an active military base which will activate in the event of any situation.
It was a quick day, just enough to feed my curiosity but not enough for me to fully explore the city.
Sighs - i should have never joined the package tour !
Argh.
Niagara Falls - Ontario.
This was my favorite part of the trip,
Horseshoe Falls - or otherwise known as the Canadian Falls
American Falls
Taking the popular cruise called Maidens of the Mist - it took me up close & personal to the falls.
It was an incredible experience especially when we were approaching Horseshoe Falls.
I really didn't know what photos i was taking.
There were just mist & spray from the falls everywhere.
The sheer power of the falls was amazing.
Once i completed the cruise, i walked around to the top of the Horseshoe falls.
Nature just terrified me with the deceptively calm moving waters flowing rapidly to the power & ferocity of the falls.
I remember throughout the walk around the falls, this hymm just kept popping in my head, "Glory to God in the highest, Sing Glory to God."
You read.
Or sit next to a very nosy, smelly Frenchman that doesn't give you any peace and try to breathe & eat when he moves away.
Just finished Michael Lewis's Boomerang - an intriguing caricature of the countries that are embroiled in the current financial crisis that the world is in now.
After reading Liar's Poker, the book that brought him to fame, i have always found him an excellent story teller in the genre.
Story being the operative word.
Painting Iceland - as a nation of intelligent, eccentric fishermen turned international bankers, unknowingly sparking the crisis that started it out.
Greece - as a nation of charming individuals all set upon personal gain instead of the greater good.
Ireland - overwhelmed by their own story of rags to riches to rags again without truly understanding the situation.
Germany - has ruled the world or at the least the EU, with all the cards in their hands and stuck in an unbalanced EU.
USA - a financial black hole on a municipal level.
There were some good points and a cautionary tale here and there.
I do believe that there is a fundamental flaw in the current economic system and this is just Chapter 1 of the story that has yet unfold.
As famously quoted, "It is too soon to tell" but still an interesting book all the same.
Tulum - A Mayan port city by the sea.
This was a settlement that was built in a later period from Chichen Itza and provided an interesting insight for me on the development of the Mayan culture in the area.
In fact, after the trip, i made it a point to watch Apocalypto - the movie directed by Mel Gibson with a strong Mayan theme.
The movie was constantly brought up & slammed by my tour guide which all the more made me want to watch it.
Isle Mujeres is an island off the shore of Cancun.
Located about 20 minutes away by ferry, the ferry terminal was about 20 mins on foot from my hotel.
It was an easy trip to make.
Out of my days in Cancun, this day was my favorite.
On my way to the terminal - Puerto Juanz - used mainly by the locals
On my second day, I visited a cenote - an underground limestone pit with water filtered from the rain.
Of course, it was partially a tourist trap.
With demonstration tents & performances, angling for tips.
The cenote itself was beautiful & deserved a refreshing swim.
Though it was disturbing that there was a performance in the podium while everyone was swimming in the cenote.
On a whim, i booked myself a trip to Cancun, Mexico.
Known for its beautiful beaches & Mayan ruins, i made the trip down & booked myself in the 2nd cheapest hotel i could find on Expedia.
On my first day, i explored the Hotel Zone.
The main tourist zone, Hotel Zone - made up of a cluster of resorts & hotels by the sea.
Extremely commercialized & expensive
First, my flight from Cancun, Mexico to Atlanta got diverted for a pit-stop in Alabama due to bad weather.
Then, i missed my transit flight from Atlanta to New York because of the diversion.
After waiting in the airport for a night for the next flight out in the morning, i had to transfer flights because the plane broke down.
Really.
Wow.
Thanks to all the extra time i found myself with, I finally finished the Steve Jobs biography by Walter Isaacson.
Again, reading the biography of Steve Jobs relates back to how failure leads to success in a way that one cannot predict.
With his ouster from Apple, and off to setting up NeXT and later investing in Pixar, the twists and turns of fate that led him back to his final successes in Apple.
Call it genius, call it luck, call it fate?
There can only be one Steve Jobs with his 'reality distortion field', sheer will and charisma.
Anyone else, one would only call them a disruptive, anal, micro manager.
That is why Steve Jobs is a genius of our time because he did pull it off.
Or did he?
Only time will tell where his legacy will be in 30 years' time.
ailure is like a pill that is hard to swallow.
As long as it doesn't kill you, it will only make you stronger.
Going to re-read my copy of Tim Hartford's Adapt : Why Success Always Starts with Failure
Now that my stay in New York is almost coming to an end, i am heading off with a big eating spree..
Hakkasan - a London transport - one of the top 50 restaurants in the world.
Known for its modern Chinese cuisine.
We headed for brunch.. and I had one of the loveliest experiences ever.
Absolutely stuffed.
Gloriously happy.
Exhausted after the first phase of my project migration ended, i wandered subconsciously into Le Bernardin.
I wanted a drink, a light snack, a name to drop when i got back home.
The 'light snack', a lobster cappuccino (Lobster Cappuccino; Celeriac Soup, Lobster Foam, Perigord Truffle) was so good that it evolved into a 4 course tasting menu.
There you go, the story of why i am so broke this month.
But no regrets, i never had such a fun time eating until i ate there.
Before coming in, i always thought that it was an overly glorified seafood restaurant.
Afterall, if the produce was fresh, no wrongs can ever be done.
Boy did i underestimate them.
It was like learning to eat again.
The light flavors, the contrasts in the mouth and the textures just made me smile.
I hereby worship your name Eric Ripert.
Stuffing myself full of food, hearing the familiar Singapore slang all around me, seeing the exhibits of bus stop mock ups, and sentimental messages reminding me of home.
I was glad that i made it to Singapore Day.
It had been a beautiful month of April, seeing Spring everywhere in New York.
From the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens where they have one of the largest collection of Cherry Blossom trees outside of Japan to the Highline where flowers bloom and finally to the famous Macy's Flower Show where a tropical booth is setup to showcase the flowers of a Brazilian Spring.
Brooklyn Botanical Gardens
Thanks to an offer from TimeOut New York, i signed up for a Brooklyn Booze Tour.
As our tour guide proudly puts it, it is the only tour that a brewery, winery & distillery are all within walking distance in the world.
Unlike the traditional breweries, wineries & distilleries that i have been to, one of the things that make this tour special was the fact that they actually source & import the materials from different parts of the world to create their alcohol of choice.
It is said that the NYC tap water with its high rye contents, gives the liquor a special taste which cannot be replicated anywhere else.
We headed to the Brooklyn Brewery
Then to the Brooklyn Winery
Then to my favorite place, the newly setup Brooklyn Distillery.
This is operated by the man whom formerly started the Brooklyn Brewery.
He later left the partnership & started this out with his wife & partner.
In fact, the tour that i was on, was given by him.
It was some really good gin that was brewed that day.
Absolutely blew my mind.
Happiness in a drink ~
In the tiny corners of the 14st Subway station, lies these cute adorable sculptures by American artist, Tom Otterness.
I love the cartoon-y feeling and the message on capitalism.
Always brings a smile to my face 
Found this mega yummy rice crackers from the Japanese supermarket here.
Uni (Sea Urchin) flavored rice crackers ~
Love............. found .. also in the same supermarket .. black pork slices for hotpot at only 6 bux !
try to get it at the same prices in Singapore.
Singapore - Tokyo - 6 hours.
New York - Tokyo - 12 hours.
Yet things are cheaper here.
Baffling !
Life pasts all of us by, whether we know it or not.
Sometimes you just got to look around and look up.
Thanks to a Google Offer, i headed down to visit New Museum to see its latest exhibit The Ungovernables.
At Sugiyama exactly.
Known as of one of the those understated restaurants in New York, i decided to go there for dinner when one of my favourite yakitori diners were full with a 30 minute wait.
I ordered the 6 course dinner.
Like the true barbarian that i am, i went for a professional bull riders' competition at Madison Square Garden.
and saw the most handsome cowboys... the stuff of Marlboro Man dreams...
and irritating mascots...
I never knew that Madison Square Garden was a indoor stadium.
It was stinky - l -
and old ... i guess that's why they are renovating it now.
But who cares?
I want to see the cowboys !!!!
And the cowboys i saw in a spectacular opening with fire and smoke and really cute cowboys.
They had me screaming & cheering like a redneck the moment the opening ended.
The danger & allure of the sport.
The cowboys looked so daringly reckless and handsome.
The bulls were big, strong and irritable.
During the competition, they kept showing videos of an accident that happened the night before where an unfortunate bull rider did not manage to escape in time and was stomped by a bull.
He had 2 broken legs -l -
The riders just had to hang on for 8 seconds and get evaluated for the control & balance they had on the bull.
The world champions were also in this competition and really put on a good show.
There was a part of me that cringed at this sport and another part that just wanted to cheer and cheer on the handsome cowboys.
To prove that i am not a barbarian.
I show to you.
The performance that i caught in Brooklyn called Richard the Third staged by the Bridge Project, starring Kevin Spacey.
I knew that the man could act, i never knew this well.
Kudos to you !
The limping, the power, the human, the sexuality.
And snowing in Central Park ...
Parents with their children on sleds.
Thanks to a Groupon deal, i headed to Ripley's Believe it Or Not ~
The world's tallest man ...
The world's ugliest woman
The real Popeye
My only comment might be that the most interesting exhibits are all displayed outside anyway.
- l - 
...Regretted going to the Museum the moment i stepped through the door.
Instead of an interesting insightful visit on the history of money, it was more like a dummy's guide to money.
Give me back my admission fees !!
The museum was extremely small, showed some old money, photocopied stock and bonds, maybe a gold plated Monopoly... really not worth the time.
BooooooOOOOoOOOOooOO 
As part of my prolonged birthday / Chinese New Year celebrations, i decided to treat myself to the tasting menu at WD-50 after reading many rave reviews about the restaurant.
Attempting a booking about 2 weeks prior, i only managed to wangle out a time slot of Sunday, 830pm.
Arriving about 30 minutes earlier, they sat me down immediately with a smile and off to the tasting menu !
Bread crisps with sesame seed sprinkled on them.
I could, and did snacked on them the whole night long.
As amuse bouche, i was served Pea soup, mussels, coconut water, curried granola.
The curried granola was interesting but i wanted more !
This was one of my favorite courses ~ Everything bagel, smoked salmon threads, crispy cream cheese
The bagel that you see on screen was actually bagel ice cream, made from the milk that bagels soak in.
Salmon threads were full flavored fish floss and the crispy cream cheese could have been a bit more saltier.
This dish brought a smile to my face.
Foie-lafel  - This dish was so fun to eat !
I was encouraged to pick it up with my hands.
A foie gras terrine was wrapped in a crispy batter.
When i bit into it, the mild spicy sauce exploded into the pita pocket.
I licked the plate for this one.
Poached egg in the shell, pumpernickel, caesar dressing, bean sprouts - was one of the moments where i started to question myself paying an insane amount of money to eat a poached egg?
But easily, hands down, this was the best egg preparation i ever had.
Cooked sous vide, the egg is presented with olive oil & a sprinkling of sea salt.
Plated was the strong, creamy caesar dressing.
The salt and sauce constrasted strongly with the egg.
Yummy.
Rock shrimp, miso noodles, chicory, yuzu - Pretty ....
Monkfish, smoked barley, beet-mustard, nori - i personally thought that the beet-mustard constrasted too much from the rest of the ingredients and overwhelmed the presentation.
Then i tasted the beet-mustard and wanted to bring it home in a jar.
From the texture, monk fish was cooked in sous vide as well .. 
Quail, chartreuse yogurt, turnip, nutmeg - Everything tastes like fried chicken?
It was yummy, quail was cooked sous vide and rolled in a batter and fried.
Yes... i think you are beginning to see why i had a slight tinge of regret, there was just a lot of sous vide going on..
Lamb loin, ‘red beans & rice,’ chayote squash - I really like the white cracker that you see in the picture.
It is actually compressed sushi rice.
Very tasty.
THe beans are actually pine nuts.
Lamb loin was tender .
and i half suspect.. sous vide.
Menthol, ginger, pomelo, chamomile - Surrounded by the white sugary coating, there was a scope of menthol ice cream in the middle.
Yummy..
Apricot, buckwheat, quince, green tea .
Buckwheat dirt, apricot puree underneath, with a quince ice cream It was alright..
Milk chocolate, black bean, plantain, soy, peanut.
If there was one thing to say about WD-50, this would have expressed it for me.
What i thought was chocolate sauce, was black bean paste.
What i thought was white choolate was soy.
What i thought was peanut was dried soy beans.
Rice krispy treats - On the right was a warm rice pudding, on the left was rice kripy coated ice cream.
Yummy
If i were to describe my favorite dishes of the night, it would have been Foie Lafel, Poached Egg, the Bagel and the Menthol dessert dish.
Interesting experience, would i do it again at 170 USD a pop - at the cost of another Cambridge satchel bag that i am eyeing?
I will stick to my street carts.
Dear Uncle,
If there is a reason for you to visit me, this would be it.
Other than that i will willingly give up my bed to you and your wife if you guys don't mind squeezing in my one room apartment.
Presenting to you, USS Intrepid - Air Craft Carrier.
Next to it, a submarine & the Concorde.
^^ And on it, a whole legion of fighter planes, Soviet & US...
So when shall i expect you to come?
I spent NYE in New York with a great start of ......
1) Going to Peter Luger Steakhouse - one of the top American steakhouses, and 1 star Michelin holder.
2) I received my own 30th birthday present.
3) I went to the Times Square NYE Countdown.
Let's just say that our view was a tad far, but at least we managed to see the ball.
And that even though we were far, there were a whole mob of people even further than us.
The Moment !
The Light & smoke is actually from the fireworks .... but let's say that my camera didn't capture it so well.
Kissing a random stranger ... hah .. no .. it's actually my boyfriend who flew in :) (I might have if he didn't turn up :P)
4) Ending the night at my favorite neighborhood restaurant, Delta Jazz Bar, serving up Southern food with a rocking jazz band.
Fried Catfish & Jamalaya ..
Not to mention the comforting chicken gumbo that came before ..
Happy New Year 2012 !
There is no cost to visiting the 9-11 Memorial except for time.
In order to visit the memorial, one has to book at least 2-3 months ahead to secure a date.
A memorial park set in the middle of the city, one can still see the twin towers being rebuilt.
In many ways, the hole in the ground served as a darker reminder of the events that happened 10 years ago.
With the boyfriend in tow, we headed to Boston to meet up with his brilliant cousin & to see the Freedom Trail.
The Boston Freedom Trail was a trail that was made up of a group of places that showed the key highlights leading to the American Revolution such as the Boston Tea Party.
Being not much of a historian, i am not going to attempt to explain the historical significance of the places that we visited.
We took a leisurely pace of about 6-8 hours barely covering most of the sites.
Other than the history of Boston, it was also well known as a College state with the sheer amount of colleges in the state.
We visited MIT where his cousin was studying & the Harvard campus.
The trip reminded me when i was still in CEIBS in Shanghai where 1 was surrounded by all these insanely worldly & smart people, when i was full of hope & learning, when i knew that i could do anything that i want to set out to be.
When the world was a possibility.
Even now, the economics & accounting standards are fuzzy in my mind, but i still think to myself that anything is still possible if i set my mind to it.
Instead of a leisurely weekend in New York with my Dad.
Suddenly, i found myself booking a flight to Orlando in less than 5 hours.
And there i was on a 2 day pass to Universal Studios & Islands of Adventure
and having butterbeer at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter which blew my rather adult mind.
Getting away from the cold of New York was fabulous, but seeing my Dad after such a long while.. Priceless.
Right place, right time.
I went for the Christie's viewing of Elizabeth Taylor's collection before it got sold off.
Her amazing collection spanned early into her career, of bags and jewels and clothing from times past until now.
While waiting for my turn to view the collection, I headed to the NBC Store.
Like really... who would wear a t-shirt called the 'Biggest Loser', no matter how big of a fan ...
I only managed to sneak in 2 photos of the collection.
I especially loved her LV collection of luggage bags with 'Mine!' tags on them.
So whimsical...
The collection was amazing and reeking of glamorous times past... i headed home for a night of watching old Elizabeth Taylor movies.
I have dropped my Lumix LX-3 until the flash doesn't pop up anymore.
The gun metal case is dinged badly.
The battery casing broke into half and doesn't close anymore.
My LX-3 or Lumie which i call affectionately still takes the most beautiful photos in spite of me.
I have heard about the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade in our side of the world.
It was always in the news, a small picture here, an article there.
And suddenly today, i had the chance to go see it in person.
Starting out on foot from my apartment, i realize that there were already streams of families making their way to finding their ideal spot.
It took me a good 30-40 minutes before i found find a spot in the crowds and i was already an hour early.
Packed would be the word.
Thankfully, i found myself next to an older gentleman who made the trip from Jersey & has been attending the parade on an annual basis.
He pretty much protected me from the crowds that were pushing from behind us and explained to me what was going on.
Thank God for small favors.
The parade started with the Macy's Band.
Sonic - making his first appearance after more than a decade
The pilgrims with their turkey and pumpkin.
The huge balloons just looming over us.
They were attached to strings with people pulling them down the street.
Due to the wind, the control over the balloons could be a little tough and there were some occasions where it looked like the balloons were going to be crashing into a building.
Marching bands from all over the country.
Their outfits were amazing, coming in green and purple and all sorts of colors.
I applaud them for their showmanship.
Considering that I was already feeling cold in my 2 fleece jackets and scarf, some of the girls were really not wearing much but yet still braving a smile.
Poor Spongebob.
On a closer look, you will see 'bandages' over some of the older balloons.
For Spongebob, it was particularly bad with a leak in the balloon somewhere.
He had a leg and hand that was all twisty with no gas.
Apparently, it is quite normal for some of the balloons to run out of gas even before the end of the parade.
That's Neil Diamond for those that remember him on Mount Rushmore.
That's Mary J Blige at the front of the float in green waving.
The Duracell bunny was really adorable.
Zigzagging all across the street.
When i saw these ladies, they reminded me of frosted cupcakes !
The latest addition to the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade, Tim Burton's B. A design that he developed specially for this parade.
I call this ..the 'Hello Kitty with the Laugh Lines'
The traditional ending to the Macy's Parade.
Santa Claus !
After the parade, it just made me want to go to Macy's for a magical time ~ Off to the shoppes .. :) Happy Thanksgiving !
On a yellow school bus in the last of the beautiful Autumn weather, i went to the Thomas Edison Historical Park in New Jersey.
Thomas Edison's son donated the building to the state, so all the building and the furnishings were exactly what they were back then when he was working there.
Black Maria - A replica built of the world's first film studio
The world's first AA battery
Over the weekend, i headed off for the ultimate Harry Potter love-fest otherwise known as the World Quidditch Cup 2011.
Held annually in New York, teams from all over the country for both college & high school divisions travel to compete for the grand prize.
I really wanted to go for bragging rights.
Watching Quidditch in real life was amusing, what made the experience great was the commentators that kept throwing out jokes and didn't take it too seriously.
Every player on the field had to carry a broom.
There were people who kept the broom at their side, some that kept it wedged between their legs throughout the whole match.
*Ouch* For more of how they actually play the game, it is explained here
Basically it plays itself out like a mixture of dodgeball and American football.
But the whole atmosphere changes when the Golden Snitch appears on the field.
In this case, the Golden Snitch is a man in a yellow jersey with a tennis ball in a sock attached to his back.
In order to capture the snitch, the seekers must chase after the yellow man when he appears on the field.
The snitch has a lot of freedom and can run around various matches.
In fact, there was a few occasions in which he would deliberately try to disrupt the match by blocking the players or spraying them with silly string.
Absolutely hilarious.
The pitch just lights up with comic relief when he is there.
Ended the day at the Mermaid Oyster Bar for cheap oysters and good booze.
$1 dollar oysters.... wow ... and to top it off, they even gave me a free chocolate dessert and fortune telling fish.
Happy Days !
Counting down to the days in which Daddy Dearest and the boyfriend will be visiting.
....
I just bought myself my 30th birthday present.
Ordered a purple Cambridge Batchel from the Cambridge Satchel Company with my initials embossed in silver.
I expect it to arrive on just slightly before my birthday in January.
Hooray !
On a Greyhound bus to Atlantic City .. the Las Vegas of the East.
Renowned for its world's longest boardwalk & beautiful beaches ...
Little stores and giant casinos dot the walkway..
Something for everyone, discount shops line the casinos behind..
Unfortunately, i didn't buy any of the Coach bags on sale.
Cheap it might be, but i really didn't find any of them appealing.
It was fun to just walk around the casinos even though i personally don't like to gamble.
I couldn't help but notice that the casinos are catering to Chinese gamblers, even to the point of a dedicated Chinese area with dim sum restaurants & tea houses.
Power to the Yuan !
Spurred on by my friends, i decided to go for the full Halloween experience in New York.
I started on the popular haunted houses, attended a Victorian theme Halloween ball and topped it off with the NYC Halloween Parade.
It was a fantastic experience of pure carnival fun.
One common New York thing that i found amusing was that one could find psychics all over the streets, in their own little shops waiting for customers to go in.
There is even one just opposite my house.
Making my way to a quiet part of town, i wasn't quite sure what to expect.
I knew that this was where the haunted house was located at.
It was called Nightmare:Fairy Tales,, a popular annual attraction with different themes every year.
I was not allowed to take photos inside.
But essentially, I was with a group of 7-8 people & were blindfolded.
When we got in, they removed the blindfolds and room after room, there were actors acting out skits from fairy tales and people hiding in the dark to scare you.
There were some hits, there were some misses, but it was quite intense.
For this house that i visited, there were two parts.
One was on the ground floor, demonizing fairy tales and trying to creep the hell out of people.
Just when i got out from that section, and thought that i was exiting, we were guided into a second part that played itself out as a scientific experiment on fear.
It wasn't the best experience.
They had a lot of audience participation.
One of the themes was on stage fear, and i was with a bunch of kids that pretty much couldn't be scared off.
They were asked to strip and indeed they did.
To their bras and panties to be exact.
- l - Insects, needles.
You get the point.
On the next day, it started snowing.
On the same night, i went for this Victorian Halloween Ball called Beyond the Veil, a Murder Mystery at Riverside Church.
On my way there, i was pretty much regretting it.
Imagine wearing a thin dress with a coat in high heels while walking on frozen roads caked with snow, it was COLLLLDDDDDD.
But when i arrive, the church was old and gorgeous.
It was quiet and huge.
The event rented a function hall and it was a fun occasion when everyone dressed up.
The theme was a 1900 ball where everyone was there to attend an opera but the singer got murdered and we all had to find out who the murderer was.
There was music, performances and tango dances
On 31st October, i went for the Halloween Parade !
People dressed up for it .. and the streets were crowded with people.
It was exciting and invigorating.
Basically, anyone in a costume could participate in the parade.
On twitter, there was a rather funny comment going around, 'There are a ton of hot women in the parade.
But only half the comment is true.
They are hot'
Happy Halloween !
On an early morning, I made my way to the pier for a ferry boat to Bear Mountain.
After coming to New York, other than the trees outside my apartment and Central Park, i find myself just missing greenery and foliage.
The boat ride was seriously much longer than i expected.
Like 2.5 hours long.
I enjoyed the journey and the scenery but after a while, you get bored.
My fellow passengers started boozing even before reaching our destination with the bar on board.
It was a fun party ~ 
Reaching the pier and walking up the trail to the festival, i found myself at a rather homely market of crafts and food.
The festival was by the lake.
There were people with barbecues pits, families and kids playing in the fields.
It was a beautiful day, it was a cold day and at moments like this, i wish i had my friends around.
Yes, that's you, the one reading my blog.
:) 
Work .. is not going so well.
So off to happier thoughts, like a great New York weekend.
From A Weekend in New York
Like going for the Uniqlo's biggest Flagship store opening (The man in the suit facing the door is the CEO of Fast Retailing!)
From A Weekend in New York
From A Weekend in New York
Friday night with my first Magariti-Coronita ... and a movie afterwards
Halloween at the Bronx Zoo..
Even better, getting lost and walking in high heels in the Bronx for more than 2 hours... while getting catcalls from strange men and harassing motions from butches...
All for this Puerto Rican restaurant.
Food was fantastic.
Roast pork and tomato based chicken and yellow rice.
Sighs, the decisions in life.
A walk down Brooklyn Bridge...of blue skies and sun.
Grimaldi's Pizza.. an hour's wait at the door.. but best pizza i ever had.
Just a Marguerite with pepperoni .. which tasted all crispy and charred.
Freshest tomatoes .. and aromatic basil.
On a beautiful Fall afternoon, I headed to the annual NY Medieval Festival.
After a long climb up the hill, i reached the entrance of the festival to find myself surrounded by people who dressed up for the occasion.
Adults, kids, teenagers.
Adorable !
There were 6 areas to the festival around the park.
I found myself entertained by singing minstrels & medieval themed stalls.
There were stalls showing weaving, leather work and metalworking.
In the middle of the park, there was a small museum which was an extension of the Metropolitan Museum of Art called the Cloisters.
I decided to take the opportunity to visit this museum.
It was medieval theme & very apt given the festival.
The museum was big and spacious.
There were entire altars & huge stained glass windows.
In the middle of the museum, were lovely gardens for one to kick back and relax.
Huge, well preserved medieval tapestries were hung up for all to admire and in fact, the condition of these rivaled even some that i saw in Rome.
Ending the day, again i see the Wall Street protesters with a humorous sign reminding all of what is happening.
Amusing.
I finally got to go for a Burlesque show !!!
It was something that i was curious about.
Wondered about, especially after seeing all the glamorous, tattooed photos of the burlesque ladies.
I was really really excited when i read about the festival on Timeout New York.
Of course, i bought my tickets immediately.
When i arrived, there was a whole mob of people queuing outside trying to get tickets while i waltzed in with mine.
HA!
There were little stalls selling burlesque themed items.
I made a straight beeline to get a seat for the night.
Unfortunately, i was late & most of the seats in the house was filled.
But luckily, the server managed to squeeze me in a corner table.
Given that the entire performance lasted from 730pm - 1130pm, i realized that i should have tipped that server more.
Especially i could see the whole crowd of people who were just standing helplessly at the back.
Alot alot more..
The jokes were raunchy.
There was stripping & a lot of nipple covers.
But, the difference between this and a strip club was the sense of beauty, humor & intelligence that went behind some of the skits.
There were performers from Italy, Japan, France and all over Americas.
There were men performing as well.
All in all, i simply loved the rowdy atmosphere & beauty of the performances.
They were all not typically big boobed and skinny, the performers came in all shapes & sizes, straight and gay.
Fantastic, just fantastic.
I love you, New York !
Going in .. one is greeted by a beautiful video montage wall ..
Heading up, the Museum attempts to document the history of film making by taking the visitor on a tour of the various components and people who make up a film
and the props ..
Like ..the Mask .. which i loved while growing up
Mrs Doubtfire.. i remembered i had a LaserDisc which i played repeatedly ..
This was used in Black Swan for the former lead ballerina whom was involved in a car accident..
But the key attraction for me was the current Jim Henson exhibit that they had going on .. i wanted to see Muppets !
The exhibition showcased his early works to his later success with the puppets, movies & commercials.
Photos were not allowed within the exhibit, but as you can see, i couldn't resist the ones of the Muppets.
But there were posters, early works, video shows & TV displays on how he managed to use music & humor to make his point.
The exhibition shown a turning point in film making, years before special effects took place.
For me it was a sentimental journey through Sesame Street.
As a only child growing up, TV and books were my only companions for hours on end.
Thank you Jim, for giving me Sesame Street.
After a bout of shopping, i wanted desperately to rest my feet before heading home.
I chanced upon this Trailer Park Cafe.
The decor was over the top to put it literally, and that gave it an experience that was quite mesmerizing.
I settled for a 5 dollar frozen margarita and nachos while admiring my surroundings of antiques & memories past.
Like bad memories, like BayWatch memories.
It was fun, they even had a mock trailer within the cafe.
Awesome !
On a fine, cloudy Sunday, i decided to visit Harlem to take a look.
From the moment i got out from the train, one can instantly tell that this was a rougher part of town.
The Studio Museum was well edited, with few but powerful exhibits within.
Unfortunately, no photos were allowed inside.
Just to give an example, there was an exhibit on male nudity - to challenge on what constituted pornography and art.
Or a series of black and white head shots and shots of the back of the head, mysterious and vulnerable all at the same time.
I did not feel too comfortable wandering around Harlem by myself, so decided to just take the train to Coney Island.
Harlem was located on the very top of Manhattan island, and Coney Island was located in the very south of Brooklyn.
As i took the train there, you can literally see more and more graffiti scrawled all over the buildings as you go deeper into Brooklyn.
In fact, Wikitravel & other sites would advice tourists to not wander too far from the Coney Island Amusement Park just because the crime rates were high due to the high concentration of public housing projects there.
Found Nathan's Hotdogs - the host of the international eating competition ~
They really don't build places like this anymore...
I really found Coney Island, strange & retro & nostalgic all of the same time.
It was like walking into a Stephen King horror novel.
Next to the Amusement Park was a boardwalk by the sea, i loved the smell of the sea, the cool breeze and there was a bunch of people with a DJ in a gazette just dancing away.
The only ride that i took there was...
The 1927 Coney Island Cyclone - known as a National Monument.
The ride was all jittery, the cart was made of wood, as were the tracks.
There were a lot of overhead bars, and during the ride, i wasn't sure if i was more afraid of going down or hitting my head on the bars if i don't hold on hard enough.
It was an awesome ride & a great experience on this antique roller coaster.
I found out about the Feast of San Gennaro through my best friends, Serious Eats & Timeout NY, and away i went.
There were plenty of interesting street stalls and later on a short parade.
I had my first fried Oreo! and it was good !! All melted in the center & gooey, i sensed the beginnings of a slippery food slope of fried Snickers, and other fried candy bars.
Safely seated in a cafe that was just next to the parade, i ordered my first cannoli (and possibly my last), and started taking photos.
(Sweet vanilla cream covered in a pastry.
I couldn't finish it )
It started with a student marching band ..
Ms Colorado (or something similar turned up)
With sulky little school kids in front ..
Followed by a scary mascot - a man with a rubber mask & a dirty apron ....
I still didn't get what the hell was that about?
More bands..
And the Saint, himself, completing the parade home for the year.
The parade was a pretty strange experience... but the street fair was fun !
Just another weekend wandering the streets, going to flea markets and really, just loving the city.
I caught the NYC Ballet's production of Swan Lake.
It was breathtaking, one would never know that men in tights could be so alluring.
But noone watches Swan Lake for the men, come on -l-.
The ballerinas were so light with such flowing movements, they took my breath away.
If i was 10 again, i would want to be a ballerina.
Lincoln Center - where the performance is held
For the slice of life, spotted at a flea market.
Cakes for dogs !
Apple farmers with their apples.
I have never seen so many varieties of apples before.
i bought one of each type to try.
Mushrooms as well ...
Even though i am close to 30, i really do believe in looking for new things or experiencing new events.
Be it a new book, a different performance, trying to understand a piece of art.
Because, sometimes, i think that the beginning of the end is when you become fully satisfied with life.
On Sept 10, i decided to go visit Lady Liberty.
It felt apt that i scheduled my visit so near towards the 10th Anniversary of 9-11, and not on the day itself, just because i didn't want to go through a 2 hour security check.
Battery Park is where everything starts with a ferry to Lady Liberty,
Already, one can see memorials & events to remember 9-11 such as Ribbons of Hope - for the 9-11 anniversary and flags with names of the people who were lost during that horrible event.
Queuing up at my designated timing, it was a nice ride with a scenic view of the city.
First stop was : Statue of Liberty
American Chopper, a popular TV show, had used parts from the Lady of Liberty & made a chopper.
This was on display, apparently, all parts are functioning & they use it occasionally for events.
Walking around the island was a bit lonely since I was surrounded by people with family and friends.
I quickly made my way inside the Lady.
Thanks to booking my tickets in advance, i managed to go inside the podium, unlike the many disappointed people around me. Ha!
Closeup.. she looks like a man !
It has been said that the Lady is modeled after her creator's mother.
>.<
'What big feet you have, Grandma"
After touring the museum about the creation of the Lady, i started on the stairs up the pedestal.
On this narrow platform, there was amazing views of the city..
and 'Oops, now i am close enough to look up her skirt!"
One can also look up and see that the Lady is actually made up of sheet iron, hammered into shape & held up by 6 main pillars.
Second Stop: Ellis Island
Ellis Island was the pit stop where the first immigrants arrived to get their health and status assessed before allowing them into America.
In present day, the building has been transformed into a mini-museum to remind people of this story.
The building itself has been preserved, in fact, the original floors, toilets and bulk of the building remains the same as it was originally used.
The whole trip to the Lady actually took much longer than i expected.
I pictured a short 2 hour photo taking trip instead of learning about the history of how the Lady got constructed & the stories about the early immigrants.
By then, i was hungry.
Shake Shack.
I have been in New York for about 3 months now and i have not stepped foot in the most popular burger joint in the city.
I wanted it TODAY.
So making my way from Battery Park to the Financial District, I walked purposefully to my target.
I forgot, in that moment that it was the eve of 9-11.
The streets were barricaded.
Policeman were guarding blocks around the area.
I saw teenagers dragging suitcases, ready to go to the site for a midnight vigil.
From a distance, i could see the American flag hung high up on the Financial Center in preparation for the unveiling of the 9-11 memorial the next day.
I saw a car that was toiled away for illegal parking among other worries.
For once, New York's most popular burger joint, did not have a queue.
I walked in and ordered straight away.
Their famous Shake Burger, cheese fries and their legendary concrete of the day, red velvet.
The burger was good.
The cheese fries were really filling & yes, topped with REAL melted cheese.
This is for you, fellow Singaporeans, the stuff that they serve at GV ain't it.
The concrete didn't really melt while it was sitting down there waiting for me to finish my fries and burger.
If i were to describe it, everything felt like a Macdonalds meal, but taken to the next level.
The next high quality, delicious for grown ups level.
I took a bus .. and away i went for a non stop weekend at Washington DC.
With just barely 2 days there, i wanted to see all that i could in one of the grandest capitals of the world.
Capitol Hill where the statue of Freedom sits distinctively on top of the rotunda
Just next door, was the Library of Congress and I was pleasantly surprised by the gorgeous interiors of the building.
Museum of Air & Space.
I was never a space geek, but being among the relics of space such as space stations, planes that pioneers like Amelia Earhart flew, and the first Wright flyers.
I just stood in awe and made me wanted to learn more about them.
National Archives - i was prohibited from taking photos within.
But on display was the Declaration of Independence, Bill of Rights and the Constitution.
Faded and barely legible under the dim light yet still on display.
There was something very powerful & touching about this gesture.
In the honor of the 10th anniversary of 911, they displayed side by side, the original scripts for George Bush's address to the Nation during 911 and Obama's speech announcing Osama Bin Laden's death.
Poetic.
Explored the Smithsonian Castle gardens..
Admired the beautiful peacock room in the Freer Gallery
Visited the Holocaust Museum - again no photos allowed.
It left a very deep impression for me, for these poor people who died during the Holocaust.
I felt angry even, that during the onset when Hitler started his propaganda campaign against the Jews, none of the nations stood up to offer them a place of exile from Nazi Germany.
May this sort of injustice never happen again.
Ben's Chilli - a DC re-known eatery for having the Obama family & Bill Crosby as its regulars.
Half Smoke hotdog + a bowl of chilli.
It was yummy, but the atmosphere & spirit of the restaurant just made it quite an experience on its own.
Vietnam memorial ..
White House - had a pretty bad experience of seeing a guard yelling at some Chinese tourists asking him for help to take photos for them.
I was tempted to film it down and youtube it.
It would definitely cause a national scandal in China.
Times when the economy is bad, tourist dollars are important, no?
Martin Luther King memorial which was newly openly recently.
Roosevelt Memorial - it was made up of a series of waterfalls, smoothing brownstones and statues.
There was a Ericsson memorial sponsored by the people of Sweden.
Korea War Memorial.
Lincoln Memorial !!!!!!!!
WWII Memorial
Washington Memorial
Museum of American History - there were pop culture items like Dorothy's red shoes, the first Kermit.
There were historic items like Lincoln's top hat, the furniture in which the confederate surrendered.
But most importantly was the first American flag ~ It is now too weak and fragile to be ever hung again (or photographed ..damn it!).
Pieces of the flag were given away initially by the family that kept it, now it is proudly preserved within this museum.
You can see big pieces missing, but oddly touching all the same; seeing this flag sewn together by housewives and flown in war, cut up in pieces and now admired behind a glass wall.
Hope Diamond ! at the National History Museum
I stopped for my first experience at a American Indian eatery.
I had a Grilled Buffalo Strip loin with Saskatoon Berry Butter.
It was accompanied by Annatto Spiced Yucca, Chayote Salad, Cashews, Queso Blanco, Yerbeé Mate Vinaigrett.
I might be greedy but this was my first time eating buffalo, it was slightly tough and leaner than beef.
The yucca tasted similar to a sweet pumpkin or yam.
Good stuff !!!
I headed back the next day for Fresno Chili, Coffee Rubbed Pork Loin, Coconut, Vanilla Bean Sauce accompanied by Hominy, Parched Corn Salad, Grilled Wild Leeks, Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette and Stewed Yellow Wax Beans, House Cured Bacon.
And of course, i topped it off with a cup of Mexican Spiced Chocolate.
Ahhhhhh.... Tell me, with that type of description, wouldn't it make your mouth water as well?
The wax beans tasted like long beans except it was much more tender with less stringy.
For the hominy, it tasted like beans, but the lovely part was having some corn kernels in the salad.
It gave the salad a special crunch.
The pork loin was a bit dry, it reminded me slightly of tandoori.
The American Indian museum was architecturally beautiful with curves and clean lines, earth and water.
But the display was rather fragmented across 8 tribes without any seeming similarities.
There was a floor about the past, a floor about how they live now and try to maintain their heritage when so much was lost in the past.
:) It was a good trip and i managed to cover most of what i wanted to see.
Here's looking forward to more weekend trips all around !
