Do you really need all those gadgets?
“What’s in your backpack oh?
Why you carry it every where you go?”
“It’s my money making tools”, “and I don’t leave any valuables inside car.”
This bag is heavy man.
Bukan main main.
the north face surge series day bag
So, what makes this backpack so heavy?
Here are my lists of gadgets:
13” Dell Laptop
iPad2
Blackberry phone
Canon S100 camera
iPod
Juice pack (charge gadget)
Gaming mouse
Cables (with many S)
And what else is in the bag:
Water bottle
Chewing gum
Floss
Spare t-shirt
FULAMAK I WRITE DOWN LIAO ONLY I REALISED I CARRY SO MANY STUFFS!
I am like a woman!
… and I am risking myself kena rob.
Hahahaha.
Come! Come rob me!
So I have excuses to buy new gadgets!
hahaha.
Every single item on this list has its own purpose, and I need every single of them because I am ngiam jiam.
Functions of the gadgets, and how I use it
dell-inspiron-13-maroon-red-cover
13” Dell Laptop (since February 2010)
The laptop is mostly for “creation” purpose, such as writing, delegating tasks, blog posts, SEO, digital marketing, social media.
All sorts of “heavy weights” jobs are mostly processed with this laptop,
This laptop is still working fine but it’s breaking down soon.
Pffft.
Why not work from the office?
I am always on “the move”, mostly with client meet ups and change of surroundings.
I cannot work in the same place for too long.
I have desktop PC at office (co-shared office), but now are mostly used for backup and downloading purposes.
Also for another heavy task – play Diablo 3. Hehehehe.
ipad-unbox-pontenzo-7
iPad2 (during iPad2 launch)
This is the single most valuable gadget due to its versatility.
I vote this the Bing’s Most Useful Gadget of 2011-2012.
I use my iPad for followings:
Read eBooks (PDF)
Listen to podcast (best investment yet!)
Audiobooks (Speed reading!)
RSS feeds (Reader)
Brain storm (Apps)
Note taking (Evernote)
Draft blog posts (Evernote)
GPS (Waze)
Social Media (Facebook / Twitter)
Pocket (Read articles I saved from different source)
Youtube (watch PSY Gangnam style countless times)
Research
I sneak in some games occasionally ;)
What do you do with your iPad?
Please share in comment.
blackberry-9700-size-on-palm
Blackberry phone (since June 2010)
My trusty 2 years old Blackberry has been many ups and downs with me.
This phone has been to many place – mainly river, long kang and car parks.. but the ultimate warmth is still at the right side of my butt cheek.
Despite being all over the place (and kissed the floor real hard), this phone survives!
What I use this for: Make calls, text lots of girls, and take quick notes with phone camera, I take heaps of notes in this phone.
canon-s100
Canon S100 camera (since June 2012)
Recently replaced this camera with my trusty LX3 Lumix (Hey it’s for sale, cheap cheap price!).
If you compare S100 (new) with LX3 (old), I still prefer LX3 due to the quality… I choose to use S100 as my main camera because it fits into my pocket perfectly.
Who says size doesn’t matter?
DIY-ipod-stand-2
iPod (since 2008/2009?)
Amongst all my gadgets, this is the tai kor because it’s the oldest!
I still keep this gadget until today because it’s working fine.
I use it mostly while I am at sports.
This iPod only serves 3 main purpose:
Audiobook/Podcast/Music
Calculator
White noise (to keep me focus)
Juice pack (since May 2012)
This one is easy – I can charge my Blackberry / iPad / iPod whenever it runs out of juice.
My gadgets rarely runs out of battery though.
I am considering removing this from my backpack and put it in car instead.
Cable mouse
I hate to use touch pad.
And I only have this one huge Logitech gaming mouse… so I bring it every where I go.
Cables
Urgh.
Every one hates cables.
Mouse cable
Laptop charger
Blackberry cable
iPod/iPad cable
Headphones
When will they come up with wireless charger ha?
laptop with beer
This is how I use the gadgets and why it works for me
Mobility – Truth to be told… I spend most of my time working from various places.
Strangest places will be in the car… inside my house car park.
When the idea and “ohhmp” strikes, I have to get it done (if it takes longer time, I make reminders with Blackberry).
Even getting down from the car is a hassle sometimes.
On the move – You guess where I use Twitter the most?
During traffic jam.
I favourite the tweets I’d like to retweet, and send interesting articles to Pocket so I can read it later… usually when I’m in toilet when nature calls.
Fill time – I read articles when there are few minutes to fill in.
I read, a lot.
Sometimes I wish I can create more instead of consume.
Always connected – Not really a good thing to be connected all the time, in fact, it’s a bad habit.
I moved out from my house because of availability of 24/7 internet.
Now?
I am connected to the internet via iPad 3G and Blackberry 3G.
Meh.
Decisions on the spot – I can make fast decisions and move on.
Especially when my outsourcers need more guidelines and awaits for my confirmation.
Productivity – Is this lifestyle productive?
I am not sure.
Sometimes it felt like I carry many blades with me, but most of the blades are blunt.
You get what I mean?
I am not good at multitasking, and I tend to complete half way.
I spent the whole day catching up ZenQ errands and office work, man… it’s been awhile since I put effort in it!
So, here’s the story.
Lunch at a fish noodle restaurant
Ordered deep-friend fish roe for the first time.
deep fried fish roe
It tasted good, this is my first time having fried fish roe..
Back to work
While working inside the office, my staff ran into office and his breath was heavy
“OMG G CUP!! G CUP!! WE HAVE G GUP customer!!”
“WHERE?!!?!?” <<< the whole office became havoc.
“Nehhhhh…” /point finger at the direction of the lady, with huge boobs.
boobs on wall
(for your imagination only)
“OK I’m going to kitchen to get some water.
What you guys want?
I take for all of you” I offered to my colleagues.
By offering this, I haz excuses to walk back and forth for few times.
OHHHH SANGAT SIHAT
So, I had the chance to walk past her few times.
Pura-pura not looking at her.
(Oh my gawd.
So healthy!)
I know she’s looking at me.
“WTF is that guy doing walking back and forth?” <<< maybe this is what she’s thinking.
But man… I couldn’t help it.
It’s really that sihat.
The rest of my staff does the same too.
Our actions are suspicious … and very dodgy at the same time.
But heck, it was fun!
gangnam
After witnessing such godly creation, we celebrated in office by doing Gangnam dance.
Few minutes returning to work, I felt itchiness on my eye.
So I rubbed my eyes.
… why is my sight slightly blur?
I asked.
I looked at mirror… oh gosh, my eyes are getting red and swollen.
Didn’t care much.
I continued working.
I felt my eye is getting swollen… stings slightly, becoming really red, watery and itchy.
Purchased Eye-gloe (relief) for remedy
eyeglo eyedrop relief
I think I am getting red-eyed.
I immediately walked to Watson to buy Eye-glo..
My eye gets so swollen over time.
My vision has reduced by 50%, because my eyelids were swollen as well.
Here’s how I look…
bing puffy eyes copy
Puffy Eye (Gangnam Style)
Now I start to believe what Chinese says, bot ngan choi, after looking at ham sap things.
WHY DIDN’T I GET THIS WHEN I WITNESS MORE THAN 50+ PAIRS OF BARE NAKED BOOBS AT THAILAND?!
It just didn’t make any sense at all.
“Bot Ngan Choi”
Nevertheless… it’s truth that I have swollen eyes…
After pondering, I suspects my swollen eyes were caused by one of the following:
Too much Gangnam style dance, punished by God of Gangnam.
Bot ngan choi by looking at other’s boobs, besides my own girlfriend’s.
Fish roe during lunch
Whole office laughed at me – but no one dared to look into my eyes
There’s a myth that you never look into red eyes, because you’ll get infected.
But scientifically, you only get infections by touch/getting too close.
Before I go to bed
I prayed to the God of Boobs, God of Gangnam and God of Fish before I go to sleep at night.
When I wake up – my eyes looked normal.
Phew.
Ok obviously July has 31 days.
This trip should be “31-days Around S.E.
Asia” but 30 days sounds more cliche so I just go ahead and continue using “30 days” for the rest of the posts.
This is part of 30-days backpack trip post around South East Asia, read the complete chronicles here.
My 30 backpacking days around South East Asia has ended.
So unbelievable.
Why so fast one!!?
I am writing this post at the same exact place where I started my first travel post (at AirAsia LCCT Coffee Bean, for the curious)
Packing up at hotel
P1060087
Packed up luggage and holiday mood
We’ve been packing up since yesterday… its amazing how many things we have “gathered” in only past 3 days.
I started this trip with 4.4kg of cloths and 3.3kg of gadgets.
Now I am carrying 27kg in total.
P1060079
These weigh includes my new backpack, new cloths, souvenirs etc of course.
But still… berat man.
Berat bagasi dan berat hati (OMG MY MALAY IS STILL GOOD)
P1060094
Trip to airport via taxi
I guess this will be our last time at visiting international airport because in 4 months time AirAsia will be moving to a low cost terminal.
Although it’s a low cost terminal – you only need 5baht (RM0.50)  for transportation to city.
P1060104
airasia bangkok terminal
Flying with AirAsia
Two of us has travelled many miles, countless beer and coconut juice, and experienced many adventures in one month’s time.
After this last flight, we will part ways and move on with our own life again.
No teary separation.
But the time we had beer together – will be forever remembered.
P1060124
On the flight
Alicia spent most of her time reading while I catch up with my podcasts.
The plane takes 2 hours…
When we arrived, Alicia asked,
“We departed at 1:10pm, then arrive here 4:10pm – isn’t that 3 hours flight in total?”
The entire plane was silent.
“There’s one hour different, remember?
Your voice is loud you know…” Hhahahahha.
shannon praying
Shannon was praying for our safe arrival through out the journey.
Same position for 2 hours.
P1060142
Bus > Train > Car > Dinner
Never thought after arriving at AirAsia LCCT, we’ll be taking so many transport to reach destination, which is Nicholas’s house.
AirAsia Bus > Sentral Train > Personal Car > Destination.
Met up with friends, shared our travel experience and pretty much spent the rest of the evening doing so.
And that’s how we ended our 30 days epic trip ;)
Morning before sunrise, Alicia has already done warm ups for her shopping day.
She is still on-fire since Shannon mocked her yesterday.
“I am going to shop today!”
Alicia announced the night before.
“Yea yea yea, you go alone ah!
We want to sleep” < same response from the guys.
She disappeared early in the morning when we woke up, “Sha has left?”
Shopping day at Platinum Mall
Today is shopping day.
Upon waking up, we take our time to wash up, 东摸摸 西摸摸.
Not until 12noon only we depart from hotel and decide where to have lunch.
Sha texted us and says there’s a food court in Platinum mall so there we go!
Alicia has few hours head start in Platinum shopping mall.
We have planned what to buy the day before (we have a check list).
It’s crucial to have a shopping plan, or else you’ll be running around like a headless chicken.
P1060003
P1060006
Mega lunch at food court
“Wah look at that guy… he is drinking beer” I heard someone saying this.
Hell yeah man!
We are drinking beer at these hour just because we can! #booyah!
We’re seriously mind-fucked.
After the beer – our day finally starts.
P1060009
What’s Platinum shopping mall
Platinum Shopping mall is one of the largest mall in Asia, it has 2,500 shops selling pure clothing and accessories, mainly catered for woman but there are some shops for men too.
Platinum mall is wholesale + retail shopping mall.
The price lists in the shop usually has this pattern:
1 item: 100% discount
3 items: 80% discount
12 items: 70% discount
So when you walk into one shop, you’ll at least grab 3 items.
Look at alley… I cannot even see the end.
The mall is HUGE.
Shop until you puk kai
Men’s item are mainly on one floor only, the rests are women’s (total 6 floors, including one floor for food court).
It took us like 3 hours to finish walking ONE FLOOR.
What the hell man.
Luckily for us, we got every thing we needed in the same floor and our shopping ended pretty early (and easily).
We met Sha and offered her to carry all her shopping goods so she can RESET and start shopping again.
We carried our own empty backpacks – there are shoppers who bring their own shopping cart (not kidding), they are usually business owners here to pile up stocks for their clothing business.
P1060011
P1060010
Hungry? eat again
“Guys are you hungry?
I had first meal at 10am here” Sha asks us.
“Let’s go food court eat again”
“But you guys just ate 1 hour ago, no meh?”
“We are feeling hungry again”
Shopping: Man vs Woman
Here’s the difference in shopping between men & women, observed by Shannon and me.
Woman: see pretty cloths > try > dislike color > try another color > compare price > dislike price > struggle between color and price > get opinion > go try again > convince thyself > dislike price > leave shop > repeat at next shop > then return to this shop to buy > then return to second shop > rinse and repeat.
Man: See nice cloths > try on > looks good > buy 5 > next shop.
P1060017
Desperate for street food
4pm.
We gave up shopping.
Our bags are bulky and heavy.
We decided to walk back to Samran Place hotel to unload our goods, then head to MBK to shop for some gadgets.
On the way, we found street food!
Well actually there are plenty of food every where, we choose to eat BBQ chicken.
Imagine two guys carrying two huge backpacks while holding BBQ sticks walking back slowly.
Life is good.
At hotel, 东摸摸 西摸摸.
Our travel style: no rushing, take your time, do what you like.
Shannon listened to music while I catch up with some reading.
/background music: Sorry for party rocking – LMFAO
“Eh aren’t we suppose to be at MBK by now?” Shannon asks
“I’m feeling comfortable now, lazy go out liao”
“Yeah same here actually”
Then we continued what we were doing.
/sms from sha – “guys I’m at MBK already where are you guys?”
“At hotel, chilling!”
“Aren’t we suppose to go dinner at MK restaurant?”
“Yaya… coming!”
HEHEHEHEHEE one of the station’s name is called “On Nut” (spelled: on-nooot).
We were like, whaaaaaaaaaat?
Imagine this conversation:
“Hey buddy where are you now?”
“I am on nut station”
HEHEHEHEHEHE
/lame
Dinner at MK restaurant
We had dinner at MK restaurant, famous for it’s steamboat meal… I think.
We had few friends recommending this restaurant but we don’t know what are the main specialty.
So we simply luan-luan order only.
We are leaving tomorrow
“Ei Sha, you bought so many stuff today, your luggage can fit meh?”
“Nope”
“You better go buy extra luggage”
Alicia Shopping Mode: ACTIVATED
“Ok I go shop another round you guys hang out a bit first later I come back find you guys bye bye” *pooofs* she dissappeared.
She returned with a 60L backpack that can probably fit me in.
While she was away for another round of shopping, we both decided to have sake and sushi.
The food was good at Fuji restaurant yesterday so we return again today.
Returning to normal diet
Tomorrow is 31st July, which marks the end of our 30-days backpack trip around South East Asia (Indochina).
So today, we must eat, drink and do anything we can to spoil ourselves.
Tomorrow onwards, we will revert back to our normal diet (maybe not mine, it takes lots of effort to have my current size you know)
We laid out all the shopping good on the bed to prove our shopping achievements, and this gives us a rough mind image of how much we’ve spent on these goods.
Alicia response: “HAR WHY MINE SO LITTLE”
In fact, her bed was already filled when she said that.
lol.
It’s great photo taking opportunity.
We even took time-lapse video of arranging our shopping goods.
We have to take out all our goods to rearrange into luggage anyway so we take this opportunity to have some fun ;)
CIMB debit card user?
Sign up for this contest and you could win a MacBook Pro with Retina display!
Today we are leaving Pattaya – The Sin city.
The longer we stay at this place, the emptier our bank account become – especially at Go-Go Bars.
Must leave at once!
Bought the return ticket from Pattaya to Bangkok for 150baht (RM15)… realising this is the actual cost per ride.
We feel stupid.
Why? We bought one-way ticket from Bangkok > Pattaya for 350baht (RM35) per head, so obviously we were charged extra by the travel agent.
In the lobby of our hotel, the owner has 2 sloths in a cage hidden at the corner.
Shannon tries to tell Sha to check out the two animals, and he said:
“Check out that two furry animals”
And Sha thought Shannon was referring the huge furry doll and ME.
… because I am hairy and has chest hairs.
lol.
I must become friends with this fella.
I almost tried all bread flavours from Thailand’s 7-11… because I always buy at least 3-5 breads in one go.
The bread is so small that I will feel hungry again after 15 minutes.
We moved to Samran Place hotel, which is very close to major shopping mall.
The reason we moved here is because of discounts offered in Agoda.com.
Many hotels are offering 50% discounts because now is low-season for Bangkok.
We took train to Mo Jit Station and Chatukchak market is only across the street.
When we arrived the station… it’s super crowded.
And they say, this is low-peak season.
I can’t imagine how Bangkok looks like during peak-travel season.
I won’t step into Bangkok even if I have balls of steels.
HOLY CRAP THIS PLACE IS CROWDED.
And this photo is only like a tip of ice berg.
It’s already 3pm when we arrived and this market closes at 5pm so we have not much time to shop.
Our main mission is to walk as fast as possible to cover the places while do minimum shopping unless you’re know what you’re looking for.
Short: go in and buy what you need.
We were there to hunt for food because we haven’t eaten lunch since our bus ride from Pattaya earlier.
This dish is interesting.
Picture 1: First, you choose a soup base, added on top of rice-vermicelli.
Picture 2: Add lots of vegetables.
It’s FREE FLOW of fresh vegetables.
So we add the vegetables like it’s our last day on earth.
Picture 3: Mix mix mix.
Eh, where’s my fishball?
Picture 4: Finish the dish and congratulate yourself for eating so many vegetables.
Your mum will be proud.
This is the 125th coconut we had in our trip (seriously, I keep track since day 1).
After finishing the juice, they broke it into half and scoop out the coconut flesh with a wave-like spoon.
Ohhhh man this is good.
I see many business opportunities here.
Took a few business name cards of potential shirt brands that I want to import back to Malaysia.
Just maybe.
Many didn’t know this – I started my online career by attempting to sell t-shirts online.
During the process of setting up and learning the ropes of opening an online store, I saw the opportunity of internet and immediately fall in love with the internet.
This is one of the business opportunity that I would like to have another attempt.
It’s like, 1 hour after eating our mega-vegetable meal… We are hungry again.
I always doubt if there’s colony of bugs in my stomach since my trip started.
We’ve been eating so much up to a point that’s becoming too ridiculous.
We average have 3-5 normal meals per day, 5-7 if include smaller meals like BBQ satay or coconut juice.
But in some day, we can go 20+ hours without food… nehh that 26 hours bus ride.
Many people didn’t know this – Thailand plays National Anthem every day at 8am and 6pm.
And when the national anthem plays on radio.
Everyone has to stop what they’re doing and stand still, until the song ends.
Shannon didn’t know about this so when every one stood still, Shannon is still walking forward.
“Shannon!
6pm!” << I was trying to say “Shannon, it’s 6pm and you have to stand still for the national anthem, pay respect to the king and only allowed to continue walking when the song finishes”
But instead, Shannon turned around and faced at 6pm direction – looking back behind me… he thought I spotted incredibly pretty woman and I am giving him direction.
If the song plays for Najib – every one continues walking.
Hahahaha.
It’s only 5:20pm, most of the stalls already closed – probably the store owner has reach home too.
So if you’re visiting this market, make sure to go there in the morning because there’s 25,000 stalls to explore.
Many says it’s impossible to shop there in one day.
Unless you WALK FULL SPEED WITHOUT STOPPING.
When we meet up with Sha (we parted ways earlier to go shopping)…
“Oi Sha, how come you only carry so little stuffs?”
I asked.
We were expecting her to come up with at least a big plastic bag.
But she’s only holding 2-3 small plastic bags.
“I didn’t buy much.
What have you guys bought?”
Shannon:
9 shirts
few more misc items (all I remember while writing this post)
Bing:
4 fisher man pants
1 short pants
4 t-shirts
15 key chains
few misc items
We both were showing BIG GRIN to Sha… indicating we guys know how to shop.
/Sha turns Super Saiyan mode.
So, in the small stretch of road to train station… she stops at every single stall and BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY.
“How can a woman lost to guys in shopping?
我不理了！买！买！买！”
Within 30 minutes, she successfully exceeded shopping items that us.
But we keep lin si her whole day.
“We bought so many things why you didn’t buy things oo… lousy o you”.
This sentence fuelled her shopping spree the next day.
LOL.
We were told that Japanese food at Thailand is awesome because there’s so many Japanese tourists here and the sifu-sifu from Japan came over here to open Japanese restaurant.
It’s probably one of the best salmon sushi I had in many years.
We had our meal at Fuji restaurant, which can be found at MBK mall and Platinum mall respectively.
Been walking whole day with our newly obtained shopping goods, our back are desperate for massage.
Sha was like, “hey guys go try sex massage eh! go! go! go!”
“Where can we find such thing in midnight o”
We only went to the massage parlour which is only next to our hotel.
Had Thai massage and I rate above average 7/10 because the masseur has so much strength that I heard so many “cracks” through out the session.
And, no sex involved.
We are still clean and innocent as baby butts.
Club Insomnia at 1:30am, still traffic jam
Yes – Bangkok traffic is still jam even though it’s 1:30 in the morning.
It’s ridiculous.
Compared to Insomnia Club in Pattaya… this one had better equipments and website reviews says this is probably the best club in Thailand.
It was newly built and the sounds system was freaking awesome.
The biggest let down was – tables were filled with “part-time” woman.
Meh.
We couldn’t figure out which table is real “party clubbers” or “pay for sex hookers”.
You approach the table with wrong intention and you’re doomed.
This night, we all concluded that 90% of them are there to look for side jobs.
Maybe we will return next time, during weekends.
We are skipping tonight’s and hope authority will do something about it or else their business will definitely suffers.
But if you want to see leng lui, plenty of them to wash eye here.
Tonight for us, the mood just isn’t right.
This is guest post from Shannon, who is my 30-days Indochina backpack travel partner.
Today I shall pass the “blogging baton” to him for a day.
Follow him on twitter @cowsburp.
This guy gets a random phone number from a chick in Thailand and I am still pissed at him.
Guest Post From Shannon Ng
We woke up at 11am and we were still “high” from last night’s excitement and awesome-ness or maybe its all the energy from our 5am McDonald’s supper, especially Ah Bing as he had 2 Sausage McMuffin (1 Sausage McMuffin set + 1 Sausage McMuffin).
The hyperactive Alicia
Alicia was saying things like “We should go to Lucifer, Sexy Lips, blah blah blah.”
She seems MORE excited than us guys going to those places.
We were mentally hyped/excited BUT obviously our body/liver are not keeping up/what they used to be.
We literally felt like the next day after Rocky Balboa fought Apollo Creed or when your calves cramp in the middle of the night and it feels sore the next day.
We were not that drunk but we still feel the pain the next day.
Moth darting into flames
After 1/2 an hour or so, our hyped died down as it was not cheap to go to those places (Girls asking for drinks/tips) and they will all flock over when they see you whipping your money out or ordering a drink for one of the girls.
This actually reminded me of India or Cambodia when kids come up to you begging for money and IF you pull out your wallet/money, you will be like Rain (S.Korea Mega Star) in the middle of 100000 groupies (without crowd control).
We decided to take the day slow and easy because honestly after…
1.875ml of beer
2L (8 glasses) of Gin Tonic
30ml (1 shot) of Tequila
30ml (1 shot) Bacardi Breeze
…in 5 hours.
Our bodies felt like they are Streamyx for the next 10-14 hours.
The massage parlour
I left both of them in the hotel room chilling out while I went to the massage parlour next to our hotel as my neck was bothering me, the result of sleeping motionless in an awkward position for 5 hours straight.
The massage was alright (6/10) because the first half was done by the 老板娘 (Lady boss) and the final half was massaged by the 老手 (expert)。The 老板娘 had a gentle touch, which did not work for me because of my condition.
I needed someone with the strength of a giant to fix my neck.
Leaving Bing alone
Alicia and I went to Central Festival to grab breakfast after I got tenderized for an hour.
We were there the evening before but we decided to go there to eat, shop and chill.
We were in for a treat when we got to Central Festival because..I will let the pictures do the talking.
Bing’s note: I stayed at hotel I whipped out 24th, 25th, 26th post.. but still slow from yesterday’s ^^;
Sadly, I did not bring my cameras to take photos of the motor show girls, the above photos are compliments of Alicia’s iPhone.
The whole time Alicia and I were talking about cars and discussing about whether the motor show girls are…well…girls.
We walked around and settled at Royal Garden Plaza’s McDonalds to catch up and enjoy the scenery, partly because we were feeling warm and lethargic to move around anymore.
I shall spare you the boring bits and skip to dinner.
We took away 3 McDonald meals (1 Double Big Mac, 1 Double Samurai Pork Burger, 1 Chicken McSpicy).
With the misconception that we were Thais and with lousy communication, we ended up up sizing all 3 meals and man, those were a lot of French Fries/Liberty Fries.
We forgot to take photos because we were too busy chowing down our burgers, fries and drinks.
Mind you, that was Ah Bing first meal of the day at 8pm because he didn’t bother to eat while pushing out all the due blog posts.
After dinner, we said that we would get ready to go out in 2 hours time to go for more entertainment/clubbing but Ah Bing and Alicia ended up snoozing while I was reading random things on Pulse on my Kindle.
So I decided to throw in the towel and call it a night.
That was until I switched off the lights and both of them suddenly said collectively “Ui!
Why you switched off the light?” then they woke up.
11pm.
Ah Bing said “Ui!
I feel like going downstairs to have a beer!”
Bing’s note: Of course ma, this is daily to-do.
We went down to have:
1.5L of beer (Alicia did not drink),
1 Basil Chicken Fried Rice
1 Omelette Fried Rice
1 Green Curry cup noodle
1 Pork flavoured cup noodle
1 Tom Yam Flavoured cup noodle
1 Thai Salad
The whole time we were eating, chilling and sharing stories from our trip.
3 hours after our Up Sized McDonald meals, we are eating AGAIN.
Man, that’s the life.
Anyway, that is pretty much of our slow day in Pattaya, eat eat eat and eat some more.
A wise man once told me “It is good to stop to smell the roses and rest up for the longer journey”
Thank you!
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ah Bing for doing most of the background research on the accommodations, places of interest and etc etc on most of the places we visited on this trip.
I was the sloth that tagged along for the ride.
I had an awesome time doing the followings to date:
Drinking countless litre of beer (Oh Yeah!)
81 hours on buses
14 hours on trains
6 hours on planes
Countless Banh Mi/Pad Thai/Bun Cha/Lok Lak/Pizza/Pasta
Tuk Tuk wheelies
Countless double bed sharing
The countless morning listening to Nyan Cat (Bangkok)/Whistle(Pattaya)/Somebody I Used To Know(Laos)/Sorry For Party Rocking(all countries)/Sing
Eating a bamboo snake
Clubbing in 3 countries (Vietnam, Cambodia and Thailand)
The eye opening (popping or rather) Ping Pong Show
Hindu Cow moments
Getting cheated countless times
Says.my: How to get more cash back from your credit card
This is first ever guest post in Ahbing.com
– please welcome Alicia Yong.
She joined us at Bangkok on our 26th day to trip, and will us for remaining days of this trip.
Hello from Alicia
It actually takes extra effort to churn out this blog post- especially because I’m still recovering from all that went down last night.
I finally understand why Pattaya is called Sin City, and a world renowned one for that matter.
We left for Pattaya from Bangkok around noon time after a mixed rice lunch at the roadside stall.
Big risk there actually, a 2 hour + trip by mini bus-no toilet.
Bing stayed back and ate yoghurt at the hotel, I think he is still recovering from the post traumatic stress from having to tahan during his last journey…
We waited at the roadside for the minivan to pick us up.
I was slightly worried about the journey there, especially after last nights tuk tuk/mat rempit ride (I honestly felt my life was threatened), it was uneventful other than me falling asleep on the shoulder of the guy sitting next to me.
#ohgodwhy
The tuktuks here are like modified pickup trucks, they pick up people randomly and drop them off, kinda like a hybrid between taxi and bus.
Checked in to the hotel, our room was x3 the size of the one at Bangkok!
We immediately went to look for lunch and walked around trying to locate the town hall so we could find a map to navigate the city.
Only for me to realise half an hour later that I have 3G on my phone, bodoh ==
Pattaya beaches are very commercialised and filled with tourists.
There is definitely no crystal clear sea and soft white sand, but hey, if you’re coming to Pattaya that’s not what you’re looking for right?
;)
Walked and walked and walked and walked and, man that strip of beach was endless.
In the end I had to whip out my phone to see where we were, only  to realise that we were right at the door step of Central Festival Mall.
Bing: Oi why you didn’t mention about the old-aunty type hookers along the beach?
There were like hundreds of them along the stretch of beach, it’s ridiculous.
P1050804
Central Festival is one of the largest shopping malls in the entire of Asia.
It covers the bottom 6 floors of the beautifully designed Hilton hotel.
Had lunch at the food court of Central Festival.
For most food courts in Thailand you usually pre-buy coupons or a cards with credit in it and refund the balance later.
Bing: Some really nice food there, but we still miss our dearly cheap street food.
Walking Street is the centre of nightlife/red-light district of Pattaya, famous for the numerous go-go bars and brothels that lines it.
There was also pubs, seafood restaurants, shops etc.
The sun was just beginning to set and neon lights started lighting up the entire street – it was really a mesmerising sight!
We walked through the street heading towards the hotel and it was still pretty quiet.
Boy were we in for a surprise what was going to happen later at night.
Bing: Luckily we return to Walking street at night.
It was boring when the sky is still bright.
No neon lights!
After a quick dinner of padthai from a roadside stall, pre-drinks!
Pretty unique place went to, its like a big food court of bars,each playing their own music and calling out to sit down.
Bing walked in like a man on a mission searching for a bar to sit at.
Me and Shannon just followed him right til the end of the room and sat down.
His reasoning for choosing that bar – it was the only bar with no women in it.
No women = no risk of ladyboys hitting on you.
Only for the guy at the bar to turn out to be gay and sexy-danced for us throughout the night.
Nice job Bing, HEHEHEHHEEH.
Bing: He is dancing to Shannon whole night long… not me.
Lesson of the day from Master Shannon
If you don’t know what drinks is good, you can never go wrong with Gin Tonic.
Next stop, Walking Street!
Man, this place totally comes alive at night!
The streets were lined with scantily clad girls calling out
“Sa~ Wa~ Dee~ Ka~~~”
‘Which one should we go to ah? This?
That?
Or that?
Guys??’
I think the guys stopped listening to me at this point.
As Master Shannon always says,
Here is only enough blood in the man body for one head to function at a time…
My expectations: Hrm, it would probably be something like those strip clubs you see on CSI.
Girls in bikinis, corsets, pole-dancing, tipping by stuffing money into the girls’ underwears, and a ‘See but do not touch’ policy.
The reality: Boobs.
bOObs.
BOOOBS!! Wiggling ass-cheeks, in your face!
Even more boobs.
Oh wow, no underwear too..=X
Bing: what she’s trying to say is, there’s many naked woman.
Flash boobs and meow meow.
But nothing can shock me anymore after watching the Ping Pong show yesterday!
Closed my mouth that was hanging open, put on poker face and walk in.
Inside A-Go-Go Bar (from women’s point of view)
No pictures from this point onwards so I have to use my extreme descriptive skills to let you guys know what went down that night.
Bing initally said, Come!
Lets sit in that corner.
But no way we are gonna be discreet tonight!
We settled on a spot right in front of the showering girls.
Smack right in the middle of the bar was a rain shower from the ceiling complete with three girls, sponges and lots of foam.
Bing: we sit in middle of the nakes ladies – surrounded.
There was this one girl who was sat on a flat bath surface with a pole in the middle.
She wrapped her legs around the pole and turned round and round and round on her bum.
All 3 of us were distracted momentarily by this sight wondering about the physics of friction underlying her bum and the surface.
We all agreed, must be lots and lots of soap lah.
With the two guys manly aura, the girls were immediately drawn to us like butterflies.
This is a where the interesting stuff begins!
Shannon, the multi functional magnet (girl/guy/intermediate) immediately attracted his own go-go girl.
You know Beyonce’s signature bum shaking move?
Imagine her doing that in a slow, hoppety motion, bum against Shannons knees.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
Bing: Alicia was having so much fun
Show me the moves
Me and Bing immediately burst out laughing – this became the signature move for the rest of the trip.
Ask Bing to demonstrate for you guys next time ok!
Bing: woi
Bing laughed too soon – another girl immediately came up to him and started flirting.
The lady squeezes her boobs together, and says “tip, sir?”
That was enough to put laughter on his face and he relented, giving her a huge tip.
Bing: Yeah I stuck a 20baht to her boobs (RM2)
All in all, the girls at the bar were really friendly.
They tried to make conversation with our limited understanding, danced, laughed a lot.
From an observers point of view, they did look like they were having fun.
Perhaps it was because there was a girl there (Me), it was pretty clear that we were there just for the laughs.
Show me the money
We finally left the bar when the girls had realised that the guys were ‘money shaking trees’ and started mobbing us.
Tsk Tsk.
Some other things:
The girls earn their commission by getting you to buy them drinks, which prices are hiked up but alcohol content watered down.
They “fight” with each other to get your attention
Not afraid to take off cloths
“Touch me, baby”
Bing: Generally the whole situation and feeling is like hanging out with lots of friends – without clothing.
Next stop – Baccara (another naked bar)
Personally, I didn’t notice but according to the boys this bar was more high-end and the girls were prettier, skinnier than the previous ones.
There was a large table top where more than a dozen girls were dancing, each of them had numbers on their hands where the guests could request for their company.
A go-go girl approached Bing and that guy ah, purposely to shock me seated her right between us.
Seating arrangement: Shannon > Sha > Naked lady > Bing
Too close for comfort okay?! Her buttcheek keep rub rub rub against my thigh T_T
Bing’s Boobs grabbing [18SX]
The girls in this club were much more forward and much to my relief and Bing’s horror (or maybe not:P) seated herself on Bing’s lap.
Then grabbed Bing’s hands and placed in on her boobs.
O.O
Bing: OHH YEAH NEN GU BAO
‘Sha, do you think this is real?’ while Bing was squeezing and figuring out the authenticity of the boobs.
Disclaimer: she pulled my hands and put on her boobs, it was cold and a bit tad hard, something like a balloon filled with water.
‘I don’t know I can’t tell’ I replied.
/Bing grabs my hand and places it on her boob.
…
……
………
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, what did we just say about too close for comfort T_T
Bing: We were laughing like mad hahahahhahaha.
Sha squeezed another woman’s boob just for verification purpose.
Who would’ve thought that?!
It’s fake but luckily she’s real woman
If it interests you, we came to the conclusion it was fake.
And then hor, the girl keep on asking Bing to bring her home!
Rest of these details I shall not elaborate – you can ask Bing in the comments and he can tell you!
Bing: I was approached by mama-san and asked if I’m interested to bring her home for 2,000baht (RM200) per round or 4,000baht (RM400) for over night.
I rather buy a new gadget.
It was surreal the entire experience
Never in my whole life I imagined I would be sitting in a go-go bar, with these two crazy guys and surrounded by girls in their birthday suits.
Actually I am not sure it even happened.
So UNREAL.
Bing: Oh yeah it’s definitely real.
We know you had so much fun that night!
;) 
Clubbing at Club Insomnia
Later that night, we went to Club Insomnia, where I became a member, had lots and lots of fun, but couldn’t remember much of it.
==
Thoughts post the experience (from Alicia)
This was definitely an eye-opening experience, something that I just wouldn’t understand by reading or hearing about it.
Although I wouldn’t say it was something I would go to again.
You would think that it was extremely awkward, but go in with an open mind and you may just come out a bit more enlighten about what’s going on behind those closed doors.
Personally, I feel sympathy for some of the girls who may be doing what they are doing because situation forces them to.
But I am unable to speak for them, this is but my own thoughts.
Some people may be intrigued by this story, some offended, it is entirely up to you whether you may or may not want to experience it for yourself.
And I shall leave you guys to bug Bing about his take on things.
;)
Bing will be continuing the remaining posts because I don’t remember what happened in club – I laughed until faint.
Hello!
Is me again, Bing!
I shall start continue from the moment we finished squeezing boobs at Barcarra.
(#achievement btw)
Insomnia is renowned for it’s excellence clubbing experience and great sound system – and the music’s great too.
Alicia has been wanting to visit this club since we arrived in Pattaya,
“My friend says its good!
best club in Pattaya so I must go!”
Oh it’s been years since we go party together.
Alicia used to be my wing man when approaching girls during my younger days and she’s my consultant hahha.
We walked in Insomnia club, and I do my usual routine – walk around the club and scout for the quality of the customers.
Well so far the number of male and female here is good, around 50:50, people are good looking and non-hostile, having great time.
I am not even done walking half way of the premises until I found 3 girls on the dance floor, dancing without holding any glass.
I walked up and says,
“Hey why are you girls not having any girls?”
“Let’s DRINK!”
I introduced myself and the group.
We danced and have fun.
Ohhhhh I am so smoooth.
If my father witness my moves that night he would have been so proud of me.
However the girls leave early that night and we only have their Facebook contacts.
Better than none right?!
P1050844
If you’re curious – Alicia is 80% goner.
She couldn’t keep up with us, which is obvious right?
We’ve been drinking beer daily (training hard) since the beginning of the trip.
I am starting to suspect that we are getting immune from drunk.
It’s almost 4am when we leave the club (they closes at 5am).
When we reached hotel, we decided to go McD while Alicia past out for the rest of the night.
P1050852
McDonald for supper/breakfast
We were both soooooooooooo hungry.
Probably takes 2 minutes to finish every thing then we hang out a bit talked about what happened whole night.
Recap session!
“Dude did you get that chicks number?”
“Hell yeah man we even chat on phone”
“What’s her name?”
“I don’t know”
“Don’t you worry – I recorded it down with my phone’s notepad”
IMG-20120728-00151
Go back hotel and sleep
It’s morning now – so I’ll leave the rest of the story for tomorrow’s post!
(By the way I am taking the photo with my phone so I am holding on to the bike, taking photo with my other hand and holding the phone cover with my mouth).
#multitasks
