My sister is back with a review for the final book in the Chaos Walking Trilogy -  a series she loved, in case you can’t tell.
This trilogy is outside of my comfort zone but my sister’s enthusiasm has me wanting to try it.
Here’s what she had to say:
New World is at war.
Not only are the two human factions battling it out, but a third group has entered the fray.
The scheming, deranged President has broken the treaty forged between the settlers and the indigenous people by ordering the genocide of those Spackle living amongst the humans.
Normally peaceful, the Spackle are determined to defend themselves and rid New World of the invading humans once and for all.
In the years since the treaty was struck the Spackle have not been sitting idly by.
Oh no, they’ve been busy inventing new and vastly more lethal weapons.
To add even another element to all the fighting and turmoil, the new group of settlers arrival from their long space journey is close at hand.
The President has taken a shine to young Todd, teaching him his special mind control skills, and thinking of him as a son.
Viola meanwhile is having her doubts about Mistress Coyle’s, the opposition’s leader, true agenda.
Will our two young heroes save the day and each other, or will all the sides continue battling it out at the cost of so many precious lives?
The third and final volume, Monsters of Men, of Patrick Ness’s Chaos Walking trilogy is a slam dunk.
The first volume of the trilogy is told from Todd’s perspective.
Volume two is told in the first-person narrative, alternating between Todd and Viola.
The third book adds the voice of a Spackle to those of Todd and Viola.
I think it helps tremendously in understanding each of the main characters thoughts and feelings.
The protagonists are each faced with ethical dilemmas, and the big question is will they be able to learn from their mistakes and choose the right path.
This thought provoking book is full of suspense from the first page all the way to the very last.
High praise has been heaped on this series and deservedly so.
An excellent read for young adults and adults alike.
When NW showed up in my mailbox, a lot of people told me they were excited about it because they love Zadie Smith’s work, so I was eager to give her latest book a try.
NW features four young people living in the northwest section of London.
They all grew up in the same council estate and are trying to figure out how to live their lives as adults in London.
Since the story is told in snippets of stories and stream of consciousness thoughts inside the characters heads, I had trouble discerning any plot.
I finally figured out that this is a non-traditional novel that is more about the pulse of the city than anything else.
To be honest, I struggled with it – I had trouble following what was going on and as soon as I did, it seemed like things went in a different direction.
This book wasn’t really for me but I’ve read several reviews that have declared it brilliant – I do think it’s for the more sophisticated reader and I suspect I didn’t understand many of the nuances of the story.
I listened to the audio version of NW and, even though I wasn’t crazy about it, I thought the narration was outstanding.
It’s narrated by Don Gilet and Karen Bryson and I thought they both did a fantastic job – I wouldn’t hesitate to listen to either of them again.
The audio is on 9 CDs and lasts approximately 11 hours.
Review copy provided by Penguin Books.
I am an Indiebound Affiliate.
When neurosurgeon Matt Beaulieu gets a call telling him his wife has been in a near fatal accident, he’s devastated.
He knows that Elle doesn’t want a slow, lingering death like the one her mother suffered through so his first thought is to remove life support systems.
Then, he finds out she’s pregnant.
One of Elle’s deepest desires was to be a mother so Matt thinks he should try to save this baby.
He knows the odds might be stacked against the baby, but feels it’s worth keeping Elle on life support in an effort to save their child.
Elle’s father agrees with Matt, but his mother and her brother don’t.
When the case goes to court, it becomes a public battle that has the potential to tear Matt’s family apart.
As the evidence is presented, he has to decide if the risk outweighs the potential benefits.
The Promise of Stardust, by Priscille Sibley, is an achingly beautiful, yet heartbreaking story.
It’s a story that will make you think and have you counting your blessings and, believe me, you’ll shed some tears along the way.
Matt is a wonderful character.
He knows Elle wouldn’t want to be kept alive on life support and also knows her strongest desire was to have a baby so, even as he’s grieving, he has to make a gut-wrenching decision and face a battle to do it.
His love for Elle is so evident that readers will ache for him.
I cried off and on throughout the book starting around page 3, but it was a good cry, if you know what I mean.
The plot of The Promise of Stardust is great as well.
As the court case proceeds, readers learn of Elle and Matt’s background and get invested in their story.
There are enough surprises thrown in to keep you flipping the pages as fast as you can.
This is a story you won’t soon forget.
I was lucky enough to read this book a few months early – it will be published on February 5, 2013, and is sure to be a bestseller.
The timing is perfect since it’s a true love story -  you’ll want to add this one to your wish list.
Wondrous Words Wednesday is a weekly meme where you can share new words that you’ve encountered or spotlight words you love.
Feel free to get creative!
If you want to play along, grab the button, write a post and come back and add your link to Mr. Linky!
I had to go back to my Word-a-Day Calendar for words this week.
I chose these words because they both have something to do with poetry.
1. amphigory – “The children delighted in the book’s amphigory and in the bright, colorful illustrations that accompanied the foolish rhymes.”
Amphigory is a noun that means a nonsense verse or composition.
_____________________________________________________
2. eclogue – “Modern critics tend to have little tolerance for the idealized world of the old eclogues, in which poverty is bathed in golden light.”
Eclogue is a noun that means a poem in which shepherds converse.
I’m amazed that there’s a word for a poem as specific as that.
Fishing guide Hannah Smith hails from a long line of strong Florida women.
She’s taken over her late Uncle Jake’s fishing clients but has decided she’s not interested in his detective agency.
That is, until one of her clients makes her an offer she can’t resist.
His wealthy niece has gone missing and he’s afraid she’s been taken by an unstable man.
Hannah’s not sure she can help but quickly discovers a few clues and puts herself in danger as she pursues the case and discovers more than she bargained for.
Gone, by Randy Wayne White is the first book in a new series featuring Hannah Smith.
I’ve heard a lot about White’s work and was excited to get in on the ground floor of a new series, but the book was just okay for me.
I think a lot of the problem for me was the character of Hannah – in some ways she almost came off as a caricature to me.
Her thoughts and actions didn’t ring true for me – it felt pretty obvious that this was a man writing a female character and I found her rather annoying.
The mystery was pretty obvious in this book, although there were some surprises in the way Hannah solved it.
The journey had some interesting twists, but the conclusion was rather anti-climatic.
I listened to the audio version of Gone.
It’s narrated by Renée Raudman and I thought she did an okay job.
My mind did wander a time or two but I think that was more of a reflection of the storyline than her narration.
She won’t go on my list of favorites but I’d more than willing to try another one of the books she’s narrated.
The audio is on 7 CDs and last approximately 9 hours.
Welcome to Mailbox Monday, a meme started by Marcia and, as the back-up host, hosted by me this month.
My mailbox may not be complete because I’m currently at the beach with my mom and my sister.
I usually get a lot of reading done at the beach, but I have a feeling we’ll be too busy visiting to read.
Before I left I found these books in my mailbox:
Tuesday
Big Mean Mike by Michelle Knudsen came from Candlewick Press
Where’d You Go, Bernadette by Maria Semple came from Hachette Books
Wednesday
Indiscretion by Charles Dubow came from Harper Collins
Dwarf by Tiffanie DiDonato came from Library Thing Early Reviewers
Given the choice between cooking and baking, I’ll take baking every time so I was thrilled to get my hands on a copy of Taste of Home Baking at BEA this year.
If you like to bake the way I do, you’ll want to get your hands on a copy of this cookbook.
Some of the highlights of it are:
It’s in a five ring binder with dividers marking off different sections.
It includes two plastic splatter guards to protect the pages when the cookbook is open.
Food equivalents and ingredient substitutions are easy to find on the inside of the front and back covers.
The first section of the cookbook is called “Baking Basics” and includes tips on bakeware, measuring, common ingredients, and common baking terms so even the novice baker can try recipes with confidence.
There are quite a few pictures and tips spread throughout the cookbook.
Each divider lists recipes in its section and there are alphabetical and general indices in the back.
Our neighborhood recently held its annual chili cook-off and I signed up to bring a side item.
I pulled out this cookbook to see what I could find and, let me tell you, there are oodles of recipes I’d like to try.
I settled on Fiesta Corn Bread and found it easy to make.
It was a hit too – someone else brought plain cornbread and it was ignored in favor of this tasty quick bread.
Fiesta Corn Bread
¾ cup butter, softened
¾ cup sugar
4 eggs
1 can (14¾ ounces) cream style corn
1 cup all purpose flour
1 cup cornmeal
3 teaspoons baking powder
¼ teaspoon salt
1 cup (4 ounces) shredded Monterey Jack cheese
1 cup (4 ounces) shredded cheddar cheese
1 can (4 ounces) chopped green chilies
1 jar (4 ounces) diced pimientos, drained
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.
Beat in the corn (mixture will appear curdled).
Combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt; add to creamed mixture just until moistened.
Fold in the cheeses, chilies and pimientos.
Pour into a greased 13-in x 9-in baking pan.
Bake at 350º for 35-40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean.
Serve warm.
Refrigerate leftovers.
Weekend Cooking is hosted by Beth Fish Reads and is open to anyone who has any kind of food-related post to share: Book (novel, nonfiction) reviews, cookbook reviews, movie reviews, recipes, random thoughts, gadgets, fabulous quotations, photographs.
If your post is even vaguely foodie, feel free to grab the button and link up anytime over the weekend.
Marie and her brother quickly tire of their Christmas gifts but Marie spies a nutcracker and becomes fascinated with it.
She and her siblings take turns cracking nuts with it and, before you know it, it’s broken.
Heartbroken, Marie bandages him and puts him to bed, promising him that her godfather, the clockmaker, will fix him.
That night, Marie dreams of a battle between a seven-headed Mouse King and her brother’s toy soldier’s (who are commanded by the nutcracker).
She wakes up the next morning with her arm bandaged and tells her family of the battle.
They all laugh at her but she’s sure it’s true.
Marie’s godfather tells her how the Nutcracker came to be.
When the King set traps that killed the Mouse Queen’s children, she vowed revenge and she cast a spell on the King’s daughter.
In trying to break the spell, a young man inadvertently cast it upon himself instead, giving him the appearance of a nutcracker.
In the meantime, the Mouse King demands candy from Maire to keep Nutcracker safe.
Marie complies but Nutcracker finally asks for a sword to defend himself.
He kills the Mouse King.
Marie tells him if he were real, she would marry him no matter what he looks like, breaking the spell.
The two eventually got married and Marie became a queen.
Through the years, I’ve heard plenty about the Nutcracker, after all it’s performed every holiday, but as far as I could remember, I’ve never read the book or seen the ballet, so I was happy to finally rectify that by reading Nutcracker by E. T. A. Hoffman and translated by Ralph Manheim.
I’m glad I read it but can’t say that it will become one of my favorites.
The story was originally written in 1816 and that’s reflected in the language and setting of the book.
I had to reread several passages to discern their meaning because the story is written in a very formal manner.
I had to pay close attention to what I was reading to understand the plot.
This book is marketed as juvenile fiction but I’m not sure it will really appeal to kids because of the language and the complicated plot.
All but the most mature young readers will need to experience this book with a parent to really understand it.
If you read this as a child or have read it with a child, I’d love to know what you think.
The version of Nutcracker I read is beautifully illustrated by Maurice Sendak.
The pictures in this book are stunningly gorgeous – seriously, these are pictures I would love to frame.
If you want to own a copy of this book, this is the copy to buy.
For more children’s books reviews, go to Booking Mama’s feature, Kid Konnection.
If you’d like to participate in Kid Konnection and share a post about anything related to children’s books (picture, middle grade, or young adult) from the past week, leave a comment as well as a link on her site.
’m thrilled to have my sister back with another review.
The cover of this book piqued my interest and her review has totally captured my attention.
Just before dawn on Sunday, August 5th, 1962, Ben Fitzgerald, deputy L.A. coroner, is summoned to a one-floor hacienda in Brentwood.
One of the world’s most famous women has just died.
Hollywood bombshell Marilyn Monroe has taken her own life.
Part of Ben’s job is to oversee the Suicide Notes and Weapons section of the L.A. County Coroner’s Office.
Tasked with notifying her next of kin, and tipped off to inconsistencies at the scene, he sets off to uncover the truth.
Sneaking into her home in the middle of the night to recover her red diary, he begins an investigation that he may just wish he had never started.
Fans of the noir crime fiction genre will find a lot to like about J.I. Baker’s first novel, The Empty Glass.
Set in a gritty 1960s L.A.; it combines politics, mobsters and a corrupt police force into one doozy of a mystery.
When I started reading this book I was instantly reminded of Mickey Spillane’s Mike Hammer, except in this case the hardboiled detective is replaced by a doggedly determined deputy coroner.
I couldn’t help but admire this resolute protagonist.
His life is crumbling around him yet he is determined to find out what really happened no matter what the cost.
This past August marked the fiftieth anniversary of Marilyn Monroe’s death, and I find it interesting that we are still fascinated by her and the mystery surrounding her passing.
A couple years ago I discovered a wonderful blog, Scobberlotch, by author Karen Harrington, and I’ve been hooked on it ever since.
I’ve watched Karen struggle when her first publisher went under and I rejoiced when she got a contract with Little, Brown for her latest book.
I’m thrilled to reveal the cover of her first middle grade book, SURE SIGNS OF CRAZY, today!!
We’ll have to wait until July of 2013 for this book, but I want to whet you appetite with the publisher’s description from the back cover.
I’m sure this is a book you’ll want to add to your wish list!
“Not every person responds to words the same way.
Some words are trouble words.
A trouble word will change the face of the person you say it to.
Love can be a trouble word for some people.
Crazy is also a trouble word.”
“I should know.”
You’ve never met anyone exactly like twelve-year-old Sarah Nelson.
While most of her classmates geek out over Harry Potter, she writes letters to Atticus Finch.
Her best friend is a plant.
And she’s never known her mother, who has lived in a mental institution since Sarah was two.
Sarah and her dad have spent the past decade moving from one Texas town to another, and she’s never felt truly at home . . .
until now.
This is the story of one extraordinary summer in which Sarah gets her first real crush, new friends, and the answers about her family she’s always been looking for.
Written in pitch-perfect prose that is by turns heartbreaking and hilarious, SURE SIGNS OF CRAZY markes Karen Harrington’s middle-grade debut and introduces an absolutely unforgettable character.
I’m just thrilled for Karen and really excited about this book – I have a feeling you’ll be hearing a lot about it in the coming months.
Sarah sounds like a character I will adore.
Wondrous Words Wednesday is a weekly meme where you can share new words that you’ve encountered or spotlight words you love.
Feel free to get creative!
If you want to play along, grab the button, write a post and come back and add your link to Mr. Linky!
Both of my words this week are medical and come from The Promise of Stardust by Priscille Sibley.
1. petechiae – “Did you notice the petechiae?”
A petechia is a minute reddish or purplish spot containing blood that appears in skin or mucous membrane as a result of localized hemorrhage.
I don’t suggest searching for images of this word.
_____________________________________________________
2. bolus – “I want a bolus of saline ready and . .
.”
Bolus has several meanings but, in this case, it means a dose of a substance (as a drug) given intravenously; specifically a large does given for the purpose of rapidly achieving the needed therapeutic concentration in the bloodstream.
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Winners!
November 6, 2012
tags: book giveaway winners
The randomly chosen winners of two recent giveaways are:
Emily T won a copy of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD by Harper Lee plus 2 tickets to see the movie
Karen K won CHARLOTTE STREET by Danny Wallace
Congratulations to Emily and Karen and thanks to all who entered!
Country music star Dolly Parton was the commencement speaker for the University of Tennessee’s May 2009 graduation and her homespun wisdom created quite a sensation.
She was urged to write a book to more deeply explore her philosophy and Dream More is the result.
Dolly Parton’s philosophy is pretty simple.
She urges people to:
Dream More
Learn More
Care More
Be More
Parton expounds on each point with stories from her childhood and career, telling quite a bit of her life story along the way.
It’s amazing what a little country girl with a big dream can accomplish and her philosophy shows just how she did it.
She’s not afraid to dream big but she’s also not afraid to fail – after all, she learns from her mistakes.
I’m sure most people know Dolly Parton as a personality, a singer, and maybe even a theme park owner, but I doubt most people know about all the charitable work she does.
Her passion for education and learning has led her to form a foundation that has made a big difference in the lives of many children.
I’ve never been a fan of Dolly Parton’s music but I’ve always been a fan of her personality and self deprecating humor, both of which shine through in Dream More.
Her religious beliefs are evident as well, but the book never felt preachy to me.
As a matter of fact, I found it entertaining, humorous, and inspiring.
I listened to the audio version of the book and thoroughly enjoyed it.
It’s narrated by Parton and she was the perfect choice since she breaks out in song several times.
I was surprised at how good a job she did – it felt like she was just talking to me.
The audio book is on two CDs and lasts approximately an hour and a half.
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
At the movies: Argo
November 4, 2012
tags: Argo, Iranian hostage crisis, Movies
On November 4, 1979 revolutionaries stormed the American embassy in Iran and took 52 Americans hostage.
When they became aware of what was happening, six other Americans who were working at the embassy managed to escape and take refuge in the home of the Canadian Ambassador.
CIA operative Tony Mendez was called upon to rescue those six Americans and came up with a crazy scheme that was rejected at first.
When no one came up with anything better, he was given the green light and, after getting things in place in the US, he headed to Iran to implement his scheme.
Argo, starring and directed by Ben Affleck, recounts the risky rescue mission.
I was a newlywed when all of these events took place and I remember them very clearly.
The plight of the hostages was the first thing mentioned on the news every evening.
I well remember when the six Americans made it home so I knew Canada was involved in their rescue but I never knew any of the details – I’m pretty sure they weren’t made public.
I can’t attest to the accuracy of this movie.
What I can attest to is the fact that this movie is very intense and entertaining.
There was so much tension in this movie, I was on the edge of my seat the whole time in spite of knowing how things were going to turn out.
I thought Argo was well cast and well made and can see why it’s met with success at the box office.
Usually movies drag for me at some point but this one never did.
During the credits, scenes from the movie were compared to actual scenes and passports of the real people were compared to the actors and it looked like they got things right.
This movie is well worth seeing at the theater.
Milou was the sweetest dog in the world and was the perfect match for our family.
She loved people and brought joy to so many through the years.
At the end of March of this year, dementia started to affect her and she’d been on a steady decline ever since.
After much agonizing, we finally had to make THAT decision on Monday of this week and allow her to be at peace.
It was one of the most difficult decisions we’ve ever made but we know it was the merciful thing to do.
We’re thankful for the time we had with her, but we’ve had a rough week and miss her terribly.
Saturday Snapshot is hosted by Alyce of At Home With Books.
It’s easy to participate – just post a picture that was taken by you, a friend, or a family member and add your link on Alyce’s site.
Councillor Barry Fairbrother dies unexpectedly leaving a “casual vacancy” in Pagford’s parish council.
It seems that half the town wants to fill Barry’s seat and the other half wants to keep them from doing just that.
The fight for that seat seems to bring out the worst in everyone.
I’ve been excited about The Casual Vacancy ever since I heard J. K. Rowling had written an adult book.
While I didn’t expect it to be like her Harry Potter books, I did have high expectations that may have been difficult for anyone to fulfill, and this book just didn’t live up to them.
When all is said and done, I didn’t have strong feelings for this book one way or the other – it was just okay for me.
I appreciated Rowling’s writing and enjoyed the peek into life in a small English village, but there were so many characters many of them weren’t well developed enough for me to get attached to them or even remember who they were.
Most of the characters didn’t have any redeeming qualities and I found it hard to believe that all of the people in the small town of Pagford were that mean and petty.
I wasn’t surprised that so many of them were interested in the power a council seat would provide them.
The Casual Vacancy is long and rambling and took a while for me to get into.
Once I did, I was interested in the book but didn’t find it overly compelling, if you know what I mean.
To be perfectly honest, I feel like the book would have been better if a hundred pages or so had been edited out.
Pick this up if you’re interested in politics in a small English town.
When a freak snowstorm hits Seattle in May, the editor of the newspaper discovers that it snowed on the same date in 1933.
He assigns reporter Claire Aldridge the task of writing a feature on the two storms.
Claire can’t figure out an angle for the story until she learns that three year old Daniel Ray went missing during the 1933 storm and was never found.
She is determined to find out what happened to him, even after her feature is cancelled, and the truth she uncovers is one that will impact her family and her marriage.
Blackberry Winter, by Sarah Jio relies on quite a few coincidences, but is written with such heart and emotion, it doesn’t matter.
In the hands of another author, I probably would have had trouble suspending disbelief but in Jio’s capable hands, I was able to roll with it and sit back and enjoy the story.
Claire had an accident the year before that she has never fully recovered from emotionally, and it’s affecting her job and her marriage.
Both she and her husband are making some poor decisions, so they’re not always likeable, but they are always sympathetic.
Even as I was urging Claire not to do something, I understood her motivation.
As I said, the plot relies heavily on several coincidences, but it still worked for me and I found the story to be compelling.
Even though I had an idea of how things were going to turn out, Jio has written just enough tension into the story to make me feel the need to be sure.
For me, Blackberry Winter was a quick, delightful read.
I recommend it to those who enjoy women’s fiction.
Wondrous Words Wednesday is a weekly meme where you can share new words that you’ve encountered or spotlight words you love.
Feel free to get creative!
If you want to play along, grab the button, write a post and come back and add your link to Mr. Linky!
This week’s words came from my handy Word-a-Day Calendar.
I chose these words because I think they’re fun to say.
1. wifty – “The actress herself is intelligent and serious, and has very little in common with the wifty character she plays on TV.”
Wifty is an adjective that means eccentrically silly, giddy, or inane: dizzy.
_____________________________________________________
2. sockdolager – “For a while I was completely stumped, but then, all of a sudden, I got a sockdolager of an idea.”
In this case, sockdolager means something outstanding or exceptional.
I sure wish I’d get a sockdolager of an idea!
After the success of The King’s Speech in 2010, I’m sure most people are familiar with the story of King George VI and his speech therapist, Lionel Logue, but, for those who aren’t, King George VI was thrust into the monarchy when his older brother renounced the throne.
King George suffered from a stutter so public speaking was agonizing for him.
He tried anything and everything and nothing worked until he began working with Lionel Logue.
The two men formed a lifelong friendship.
Mark Logue was given some of his father’s papers as the movie was being filmed and decided to write his father’s story with the help of Peter Conradi and, boy, am I glad he did.
As much as I loved the movie, I thought The King’s Speech: How One Man Saved the British Monarchy was even better.
I loved this book and listened to the audio version in record time.
The book provides an intimate portrait of both men and their families, as well as their relationship with each other.
It also gives a peek into their motivations and how their relationship affected the rest of their lives.
I was fascinated with the story from the very beginning not only for the details of the relationship between the king and his speech therapist but also for all the historical detail.
I can only imagine what the king was going through, trying to establish his monarchy while dealing with a speech impediment as well as a country at war, and this book gave me an idea of the kind of strength it took.
The audio version of The King’s Speech is narrated by Simon Vance and he was the perfect choice for this marvelous book – I cannot imagine anyone else doing it as well.
The audio contains a couple of the king’s original speeches as well as Vance’s outstanding narration.
It lasts approximately 7 hours.
I just loved this audiobook and think it’s perfect for those new to audios as well as seasoned listeners.
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Mailbox Monday
October 29, 2012
tags: Books, Mailbox Monday, meme
Welcome to Mailbox Monday, a meme started by Marcia and hosted on the Mailbox Monday blog this month.
I’m thinking of all of my friends in the path of Sandy this morning and hope everyone is safe.
I found these books in my mailbox last week:
Monday
The Unfinished Garden by Barbara Claypole White was a win from Dog Ear Diary
Drinking with Men by Rosie Schaap came from Penguin
The Lost Art of Mixing by Erica Bauermeister came from Penguin
Kinsey and Me by Sue Grafton came from Penguin
Tuesday
Villa Triste by Lucretia Grindle came from Hachette Books
The Patriarch by David Nasaw came from Penguin Audio
Cold Days by Jim Butcher came from Penguin Audio
Dream More by Dolly Parton came from Penguin Audio
Thursday
To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee came from Harper Collins
Friday
Nutcracker by E. T. A. Hoffman came from Random House
Did you find any goodies in your mailbox last week?
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Weekend Cooking: Bake it in a Cupcake
October 28, 2012
tags: cookbook, cupcakes, Megan Seling
Bake it in a Cupcake: 50 Treats with a Surprise Inside, by Megan Seling, has got to be one of the cutest cookbooks I’ve ever seen.
It is filled with recipes for 50 treats with a surprise inside – mostly cupcakes, but there are muffin, biscuit,  egg-filled croissant cups and even brownie bite recipes included.
A few recipes, like Reese’s Pieces Halloween Brownie Bites and Girl Scout Cookie Cupcakes are geared for certain times of the year, but most are not.
I don’t think this has ever happened to me before, but every single recipe in this gem of a cookbook appealed to me.
At the beginning of the cookbook, Seling gives tips on how to create your own recipes for treats with a surprise inside and she also includes a place for notes in the back.
For the most part, the recipes include ingredients that are easy to find.
The recipe I decided to try, Pumpkin Pie Cupcakes with Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting did call for cinnamon chips which aren’t available in my area, but Seling included easy directions for creating a substitute.
When I selected this recipe, I figured I’d need a whole day to create these cupcakes – after all, I had to make the pies first and then bake them into the cupcakes.
I was thrilled to discover that Seling includes tips and shortcuts that really streamlined the process.
I did make quite a mess but, with the clear, concise directions, this recipe was easy to make.
The actual cupcakes were prettier than my picture and they were a big hit!
These beauties would make a fabulous Thanksgiving dessert, but Seling has done her research and says they’re good any time of the year.
I’m sure I’ll be turning to this cookbook again and again.
If you love to bake and want to create an extraordinary dessert, get your hands on a copy of Bake it in a Cupcake!
Weekend Cooking is hosted by Beth Fish Reads and is open to anyone who has any kind of food-related post to share: Book (novel, nonfiction) reviews, cookbook reviews, movie reviews, recipes, random thoughts, gadgets, fabulous quotations, photographs.
If your post is even vaguely foodie, feel free to grab the button and link up anytime over the weekend.
On Thanksgiving of 1978, Carl and I went to his maternal grandparents’ house to celebrate the holiday and announce to his family our plans to get married.
Carl’s grandmother was thrilled and so excited that we made the announcement in her home and his mother jumped up to take a picture – when I look back at this picture it doesn’t look like the men were all that happy about the news.
I also wonder what I was doing with my hand.
Saturday Snapshot is hosted by Alyce of At Home With Books.
It’s easy to participate – just post a picture that was taken by you, a friend, or a family member and add your link on Alyce’s site.
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Kid Konnection: What Body Part Is That?
October 27, 2012
tags: Andy Griffiths, Books, humor, middle grade fiction
I’m at a loss on how to describe What Body Part Is That? by Andy Griffiths, so I’m going with the publisher’s description on this one.
There is a lot of nonsense written about the human body, and this book is no exception.
In its 68 fully illustrated, 99.9% fact-free chapters, What Body Part Is That? will explain everything you ever needed to know about your body without the boring technical jargon and scientific accuracy that normally clog up the pages of books like this.
Never again will you be stuck for an answer when somebody comes up to you, points at a part of your body and demands to know, “What body part is that?”
Even though the synopsis and cover clearly state that this book is 99.9% fact free, I expected there to be some truths in this book but I was wrong.
It’s mostly silly and, to be honest, the humor grew old with me very quickly.
Here’s an example found almost halfway through the book:
Thighs are nice, big, juicy, upper-leg muscles that are very good for eating if, say, you’ve been lost at sea for many days and you’re starving.
I thought the detailed illustrations by Terry Denton were fabulous but, overall, this book fell flat for me.
I was hoping for a humorous book that included some facts, but that’s not what I got.
I have a feeling I’m too old and too female for it.
I would love to know how a young reader reacts to it.
For more children’s books reviews, go to Booking Mama’s feature, Kid Konnection.
If you’d like to participate in Kid Konnection and share a post about anything related to children’s books (picture, middle grade, or young adult) from the past week, leave a comment as well as a link on her site.
Detective Harry Bosch has been put on the Deferred Retirement Option Plan which means he will have to retire from the police department in three years and he’s none too happy about it.
When he and his partner, David Chu, are assigned a cold rape and murder case, Bosch is out to make a statement.
Bosch and Chu discover that the DNA of Clayton Pell, a convicted rapist, was found at the scene of the crime but that doesn’t make sense since Pell was 8 years old at the time the crime was committed.
Bosch and Chu are told to drop that case and investigate the  death of the son of a city councilman – he either jumped or was dropped from the window of a high priced hotel.
Harry has a mind of his own, though, and finds a way to investigate both cases at the same time and he makes some surprising discoveries as he delves into the cases.
The Drop is Michael Connelly‘s 18th Harry Bosch book, but only the 3rd or 4th I’ve read.
That didn’t keep me from enjoying it or knowing what was going on.
I might have appreciated the personal aspects of Harry’s life a little bit more if I’d read the earlier books, but I was never lost when they came up.
Harry Bosch is an old school detective and a fabulous character.
He uses a gruff exterior to hide his feelings and knows his way around a police investigation.
He also knows how to bend the rules to suit his needs.
In other words, he’s just the kind of cop I’d want around if I needed a crime solved.
I thought this book was terrific!
Connelly slowly builds suspense and tension in the book.
The writing is tight and the plot is solid.
I even thought the title, with it’s dual meaning, was great!
I listened to the audio version of The Drop and was hooked from the very start and didn’t want to stop listening once I began.
It’s narrated by Len Cariou and I thought he did a wonderful job.
The audiobook is on 9 CDs and lasts approximately 11 hours.
Lisa G was the lucky winner of two autographed books by Erika Marks – LITTLE GALE GUMBO and THE MERMAID COLLECTOR.
Congratulations Lisa and thanks to those who entered!
Be sure to enter to win CHARLOTTE STREET by debut novelist Danny Wallace and watch for a new giveaway later this week.
Wondrous Words Wednesday is a weekly meme where you can share new words that you’ve encountered or spotlight words you love.
Feel free to get creative!
If you want to play along, grab the button, write a post and come back and add your link to Mr. Linky!
This week’s words are from A Casual Vacancy by JK Rowling.
1. coprolite – “All that remained these days of the Sweetloves’ long association with Pagford, was the grandest tomb in the churchyard of St. Michael and All Saints, and a smattering of crests and initials over local records and buildings, like the footprints and coprolites of extinct creatures.”
Coprolite is fossilized excrement.
_____________________________________________________
2. quoin – “Big Queen Anne manor house, dormers, stone quoins. . .
stunning, you should visit, it’s open to the public on Sundays in the summer.”
A quoin is a solid exterior angle (as of a building).
_____________________________________________________
3. bolshy – “She would not forgive Kay for the rude outstretched plate; the woman was bolshy and patronizing, exactly like Lisa, who had monopolized every get-together with her political views and her job in family law, despising Samantha for owning a bra shop.”
I thought I had this one figured out from the context and I was right.
I was a little surprised to find bolshy in my dictionary – it means Bolshevik.
_____________________________________________________
What words do you want to celebrate today?
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Giveaway: Charlotte Street
October 23, 2012
tags: book giveaway
Charlotte Street, by Danny Wallace, is being released today and, thanks to Harper Collins, I’m thrilled to have a copy to give to one US reader!
About the book:
Jason Priestley (no, not that Jason Priestley) is in a rut.
He gave up his teaching job to write snarky reviews of cheap restaurants for the free newspaper you take but don’t read.
He lives above a video-game store, between a Polish newsstand and that place that everyone thinks is a brothel but isn’t.
His most recent Facebook status is “Jason Priestley is . . .
eating soup.”
Jason’s beginning to think he needs a change.
So he uncharacteristically moves to help a girl on the street who’s struggling with an armload of packages, and she smiles an incredible smile at him before her cab pulls away.
What for a fleeting moment felt like a beginning is cruelly cut short—until Jason realizes that he’s been left holding a disposable camera.
And suddenly, with prodding and an almost certainly disastrous offer of assistance from his socially inept best friend Dev, a coincidence-based, half-joking idea—What if he could track this girl down based on the photos in her camera?—morphs
into a full-fledged quest to find the woman of Jason’s dreams.
About the author:
Danny Wallace is a British writer, producer, and award-winning journalist whom GQ (UK) calls, “One of Britain’s great writing talents.”
The man who gave us Yes Man (basis for the Hollywood motion picture starring Jim Carrey and Zooey Deschanel) makes a grand foray into fiction with Charlotte Street, a sweet and sharp romantic comedy about finding love, growing up, and making your own fate that fans of the novels of Nick Hornby and David Nicholls are going to adore.
With this charming, slightly twisted comic novel about an endearing loser’s convoluted plot to turn a brief chance meeting into a once-in-a-lifetime love affair, Wallace proves he has ample heart to go along with the humor.
Thanks to Harper Collins, I have a copy of Charlotte Street to give away to one lucky reader.
To enter to win a copy of CHARLOTTE STREET, simply fill out the entry form.
Contest is open to US residents only– one entry per person, please.
I will use random.org to determine the winner.
Contest ends at midnight EST Tuesday, November 6, 2012.
Winner will be announced on Wednesday, November 7, 2012.
Comments are welcome (and appreciated) but will not get you an entry in the contest.
Trudi Kanter was a milliner in Austria just before the outbreak of World War II.
When the Nazis invaded Austria, she and her loved ones noticed some changes but weren’t unduly alarmed.
On a business trip to Paris, she came to understand the severity of things and knew that she and her family must escape Austria while they could.
Initially, her parents and future husband resisted but they came to realize she was right.
Things were more difficult by then so leaving the country was no easy task.
Kanter recounts their journey in Some Girls, Some Hats and Hitler.
Kanter’s memoir was first published in 1984 in the UK but it never found its audience so it went out of print.
It was recently rediscovered and his been republished to lots of praise.
It adds an element mostly unheard of in World War II memoirs – the view of someone who was able to escape – and I liked it a lot, but I didn’t love it the way many people did.
I admired Trudi’s spunk and drive and feel that she must have been ahead of her time – she was the driving force in getting her loved ones to safety.
I also appreciated her loyalty to the women who worked for her, but I felt like I didn’t really know her or her motivations.
Since much of the book was written in present tense, I wanted passion and emotion, but didn’t feel like the book delivered either.
I knew time was of the essence for Trudi’s family, but I never felt it as I read the book.
I’m guessing that the book was written after Trudi’s family was relocated and wonder if I would have enjoyed it if it had been written in the past tense.
At times the story seemed a little disjointed to me, but I’m sure that’s a reflection of the time period.
This book won’t be on my list of favorites for the year, but I did enjoy it.
Since others have enjoyed it more than I did, I think those who enjoy reading about World War II should give Some Girls, Some Hats and Hitler a try.
Welcome to Mailbox Monday, a meme started by Marcia and hosted on the Mailbox Monday blog this month.
My mailbox was quiet this week so I should have done a little catching up – unfortunately, I didn’t have much time to read so I just broke even.
I found these books in my mailbox last week:
Monday
Ship It Holla Ballas! by Jonathan Grotenstein and Storms Reback came from St. Martin’s Press
Friday
Horten’s Incredible Illusions by Lissa Evans was a win from Wrighty’s Reads
Did you find any goodies in your mailbox last week?
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Kid Konnection: Don’t Feed the Boy
October 20, 2012
tags: Books, Irene Latham, middle grade fiction
Whit lives in the Meadowbrook Zoo with his Zoo Director mother and Elephant Keeper father.
The zoo is not only his home, it’s his world.
It’s not his passion, though, and he longs for a different life.
Whit’s not allowed to leave the zoo and is homeschooled by a tutor, Ms. Connie.
When Ms. Connie tells Whit to complete a field study of one animal and how the current drought might affect it, Whit chooses Stella, a young girl who comes to the zoo daily and draws birds.
Whit and Stella form a sort of friendship and Whit even sneaks off of zoo property to visit her home.
He’s shocked by what he sees and discovers that she dreams of a different life too.
As their friendship deepens, Stella asks Whit to help her in a way that could be dangerous and, together, they come up with a plan.
Things don’t turn out the way they planned, but it changes both of their lives in positive ways.
Don’t Feed the Boy by Irene Latham is a wonderful middle grade book about families, friendship, and finding your strength.
It shows readers that what’s ideal for one person may not be right for another.
It also helps them realize that other people’s lives are often not what they appear to be.
Both Whit and Stella are fabulous characters – they need each other for different reasons.
Their friendship means a lot and they’re able to teach each other some important lessons.
They both grow and become stronger through the course of the book.
The plot of Don’t Feed the Boy is great too.
There are several unexpected twists and the addition of the animals adds a fun element to the story.
I was engaged throughout and think middle grade readers will be as well.
I also loved that the ending surprised me.
I would be remiss if I didn’t mention the fabulous drawings by Stephanie Graegin.
There are at least a dozen of her beautiful pencil drawings spaced throughout the book and they add a wonderful visual element to the book.
I found the illustrations and the story to be delightful and I think young readers will as well.
For more children’s books reviews, go to Booking Mama’s feature, Kid Konnection.
If you’d like to participate in Kid Konnection and share a post about anything related to children’s books (picture, middle grade, or young adult) from the past week, leave a comment as well as a link on her site.
The randomly chosen winners of my last two giveaways are:
Carol M won THE MEMORY THIEF by Emily Colin
Victoria Z won DON’T FEED THE BOY by Irene Latham
Congratulations to the winners and thanks to those who entered.
Be sure to check out my current giveaway for autographed copies of THE MERMAID COLLECTOR and LITTLE GALE GUMBO by Erika Marks.
From an early age, Paul Vitagliano knew that he liked boys.
He dated girls and tried to be like everyone else but he realized that wasn’t his true self.
At 19, he realized he was gay.
At 30, he went to tell his mother, but she already knew.
Paul thought the hardest part of growing up was thinking he was the only person who felt the way he did and not having anyone to talk to about it, so he started the Born This Way project.
He wanted gay kids to know that they’re not alone and to realize “Being gay is as normal and natural as being straight.”
Born This Way: Real Stories of Growing Up Gay by Paul Vitagliano features over 80 gay adults – some well known, others not – telling a little about their experience growing up.
Stories range from a paragraph to a page and each includes a photograph of the author as a child.
The earliest photo is from 1948 and the latest is from 1998.
As you would expect, the stories are as varied as the authors.
Some suffered from bullying, others did not.
Some have been disowned by their families while others have been embraced by theirs.
They all said things are easier now that they are adults and that they are much happier since they admitted to themselves that they are gay.
I found Born This Way to be a quick and enjoyable read.
It’s a great peek into what it’s like to be a gay child – one thing that struck me was how young many of them were when they realized they’re gay.
For many of the stories, I wanted more detail so I’m hoping a few of the people featured will write memoirs.
Everyone will benefit from reading Born This Way, but gay kids and their families should find comfort in its pages.
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Review: One Last Thing Before I Go
October 18, 2012
tags: Books, Jonathan Tropper
Things didn’t go the way Drew Silver planned.
Sure, the band he was in (he was the drummer) had that one hit years ago, but his life has gone downhill ever since.
He’s divorced, his ex-wife is getting remarried, his college student daughter is pregnant, and now the doctor tells him he has to have heart surgery or he will die.
Silver refuses the surgery and decides to spend the rest of the time he has left improving himself and his relationship with his daughter.
His family tries to convince him he’s making a mistake and Silver must decide if his life is worth living.
I’ve heard a lot about Jonathan Tropper‘s writing, so I was really excited to listen to his latest book, One Last Thing Before I Go and, for the most part, I enjoyed the book.
I wouldn’t say that I loved it, but I certainly liked it a great deal.
I’m not really sure why I didn’t love it, but I think it might be because not a whole lot really happened in the book – it was really an exploration of Silver’s relationships with the emphasis on his relationship with his daughter.
I did think the book was very well written and funny.
Tropper certainly has a way with words and I found the dialogue to be witty and clever.
In fact, I laughed out loud several times as I listened.
This was my first experience with Tropper’s work and I certainly hope it’s not my last.
The audio version of One Last Thing Before I Go is narrated by John Shea and he was fabulous!
He nailed Silver’s attitude with just the right amount of gruffness.
He is a narrator I would like to listen to again.
The audiobook is on 7 CDs and lasts about 8 and a half hours.
Wondrous Words Wednesday is a weekly meme where you can share new words that you’ve encountered or spotlight words you love.
Feel free to get creative!
If you want to play along, grab the button, write a post and come back and add your link to Mr. Linky!
I found two more words in Some Girls, Some Hats and Hitler by Trudi Kanter.
1. maquillage – ““Even in my smart clothes, with my sophisticated maquillage, my two marriages, and all my recent experiences, I am still an immature girl.”
Maquillage means makeup.
_____________________________________________________
2. palliasse – “They gave us a sack each and told us to stuff it with straw to make a palliasse.”
This word is actually explained a little further along in the book:
“What’s a palliasse?”
I ask.
“A kind of mattress,” Father explains.
My dictionary defines it this way – a palliasse is a thin straw mattress used as a pallet.
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Author event and giveaway: Erika Marks
October 16, 2012
tags: Authors, book giveaway, Erika Marks
I first got to know Erika Marks when she was one of the authors featured on The Debutante Ball.
After that, we chatted on Twitter some so it was like greeting an old friend when I finally got to meet her in person at Fiction Addiction.
Erika is even nicer than I expected, if you can believe that, and we had a lot to talk about.
Erika is originally from Maine but met her New Orleanian husband when she studied in The Big Easy.
They currently live in North Carolina with their two daughters.
Erika’s husband is a teacher and a scientist.
Erika has been writing for 20 years and tried several genres before finding her voice with women’s fiction.
Erika’s first book, Little Gale Gumbo, was published last year and she said it’s personal – it’s out of her life story.
Her second book, The Mermaid Collector, was published this month and was inspired by a picture of a mosaic of a mermaid she saw in an architectural magazine.
I was surprised to learn that Lydia’s story (the one set in the past) wasn’t added to The Mermaid Collector until the second to the last draft of the story.
Since The Mermaid Collector had a little bit of a mystical element to it, Erika was asked what she thinks of the paranormal.
She replied that she doesn’t really believe in mermaids but does believe that there is a force, energy, or possibility of things we can’t explain.
We have to wait until August of 2013 for Erika’s next book.
The Guest House is a love story with a dual narrative.
It’s about two families on Cape Cod – one a summer family and one a local family.
I, for one, can’t wait for it to come out!
I got Erika to autograph copies of her first two books for one lucky reader.
To enter to win  autographed copies of LITTLE GALE GUMBO and THE MERMAID COLLECTOR, both by Erika Marks, simply fill out the entry form.
Contest is open worldwide – one entry per person, please.
I will use random.org to determine the winner.
Contest ends at midnight EDT Tuesday, October 23, 2012.
Winner will be announced on Wednesday, October 24, 2012.
Comments are welcome (and appreciated) but will not get you an entry in the contest.
When single mother Jamie Fitzpatrick (Maggie Gyhllenhaal) has to enroll her dyslexic daughter in a public school, she looks to the teacher and the principal for help.
They both tell her their hands are tied because of union rules.
Jamie does some research and finds that parents and teachers can take over a failing school with school board approval and she sets out to do just that.
Since Won’t Back Down is inspired by a true story, I thought it would be a feel good movie and, for the most part, it was.
The movie wasn’t without its faults, though.
One thing I struggled with was how does one single woman care for her child, work two jobs, and organize an undertaking like that?
Oh, and get involved in a new relationship too.
The acting was fine, but nothing exceptional.
I’m surprised Gyllenhaal and Viola Davis agreed to star in this movie with its clearly anti-union message.
I enjoyed the movie, but didn’t love it – it’s probably another one to wait to see as a rental.
Here’s another picture of Carl’s family.
This one was obviously taken sometime near Christmas, probably in the 1960s – I suspect it may have gone out with their Christmas cards.
Carl and his brother look entirely too calm for it to be Christmas day.
Carl is the one on the right.
Saturday Snapshot is hosted by Alyce of At Home With Books.
It’s easy to participate – just post a picture that was taken by you, a friend, or a family member and add your link on Alyce’s site.
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Kid Konnection: Decked with Holly
October 13, 2012
tags: Books, Marni Bates, YA fiction
Holly’s parents died when she was a baby so she’s being raised by her grandfather.
When he announces that he’s taking the whole family on a holiday cruise for his birthday this year, Holly’s not too happy about it since it will include her aunt, uncle and cousins.
Her aunt is passive aggressive and her cousins Claire and Allison – who she’ll be sharing a cabin with – are downright mean.
Holly sucks it up and tries to make the best of things since her Grandpa is so dear to her.
At dinner the first night of the cruise, Allison and Claire spy a hot guy and Allison claims him as her “vacation fling.”
Later that night, Allison and Claire bring a couple guys back to their cabin and kick Holly out.
As she wanders the ship, she’s feeling a little seasick and when she sees a cabin door open, she darts inside to throw up in the bathroom.
It turns out to be the cabin of Nick, the hot guy from dinner, and he turns out to be the drummer for the hottest band around, ReadySet.
When the media misinterprets something Nick does, he convinces Holly to pretend to be his girlfriend for the remainder of the cruise in order to protect his reputation.
I thought Decked with Holly, by Marni Bates was so much fun!
Sure, the plot is somewhat predictable and you have to suspend disbelief, but it didn’t matter one bit because the story is fun and the characters are delightful.
The story alternates between Nick and Holly’s points of view so sometimes you get both of their perspectives about the same event.
I just loved Holly.
A self professed nerd, she knows she can’t compete with girls like Claire and Allison.
Her grandpa’s doing the best he can, but he just doesn’t “get” fashion and make-up and other girl things.
When Nick convinces her to pretend to be his girlfriend, she decides to enjoy the fame that comes along with their “fauxmance” as she calls it and sets some ground rules.
Nick is a great character, too.
He just wanted to relax and write some music when Holly is thrust into his life.
He has to make the best of things, but she doesn’t always make it easy.
It seems the only thing he has in common with Holly is that they both can’t wait for the cruise to end – or can they?
Oh, and if the name ReadySet sounds familiar, they were featured in Bates’ last book, Awkward, but this isn’t really a sequel – I guess it would be considered a companion book.
I think teen girls will love Decked with Holly as much as I did – what young girl hasn’t dreamed of dating a rock star or actor – and I appreciate the fact that Bates kept the book clean so even young YA readers can enjoy it.
My only complaint with the book is its cover – I think it does the book a disservice since this really isn’t a Christmas book – you can enjoy it any time of the year.
Pick up a copy for your favorite teen girl!
For more children’s books reviews, go to Booking Mama’s feature, Kid Konnection.
If you’d like to participate in Kid Konnection and share a post about anything related to children’s books (picture, middle grade, or young adult) from the past week, leave a comment as well as a link on her site.
A while ago I read, and adored, Leaving Gee’s Bend so I’m really excited to see that the author has a new book coming out – Don’t Feed the Boy will be released on October 16.
I’m thrilled to welcome Irene Latham here today with a guest post that most parents will be able to relate to.
Education: NOT One Size Fits All
One of my earliest memories is being on an airplane with my four siblings while my mother quizzed us with math flashcards.
We were traveling the world after a 2 ½ year stint in Saudi Arabia.
The only way to continue our education was for her to teach us herself—a unique version of homeschooling.
In my new novel DON’T FEED THE BOY, the main character Whit is also in a unique version of homeschooling: his zoo director mother and elephant keeper father have hired a private teacher, Ms. Connie, to homeschool him at the zoo.
The entire zoo is his classroom, and he has never attended traditional school.
While this might be a great situation for another child, it’s not working out so well for Whit.
He’s lonely.
He longs for a different experience—one that involves friends his own age, not exotic animals that never talk back.
Even though he loves Ms. Connie, he needs something else.
But his parents just can’t see it.
As a parent myself, I went into the education of my three sons with some pretty set ideas.
We chose our neighborhood based on the quality of the local public schools—some of the best in our state.
It never occurred to me that my kids might need something different than what we were providing them.
In that way I was very much like Whit’s mother Vivian.
Then along came boy #2 and 2nd grade.
He wasn’t being challenged enough in math and spelling, and he had some behavior issues.
One teacher was sure he had ADD and suggested he needed to be medicated.
Another teacher said he was just a bored gifted kid—just as troublesome in a public school setting.
After much talk and turmoil, we decided we didn’t want to medicate our square peg child just so he could fit in the round hole.
I remembered my mother and those flashcards.
I decided to bring him home.
We had a great year together, an unforgettable year.
We took the unschooling approach which allowed my son to pursue whatever he was interested in.
We went on lots of field trips.
We had neat projects and great talks and fabulous time together.
Yet by spring, he started talking about going back to “regular” school.
As great as our homeschool experience had been, he longed for friends in the same way that Whit does.
Since then we’ve had even more adventures in education.
I opted to place boy #3 in a Montessori school to finish out 5th grade, and by 6th grade we both wanted to homeschool.
But we did it with a goal in mind: acceptance at a special public fine arts school.
Boy #3 is a percussionist and so passionate about drums that he spent as much as 3 hours a day practicing.
He was accepted and started at the school this past August.
It’s going well for him.
Yet I no longer take it for granted that one situation or another will work for the duration.
We take it semester by semester.
Meanwhile, our oldest son?
He’s a senior at the public high school.
He’s successfully attended K-12 without interruption or deviation.
If I’ve learned anything from my parenting journey, it’s that different kids need different things.
And we as parents need to be aware of and open to those possibilities.
This book—Whit, with all his intelligence and humor and empathy—allowed me to explore these issues.
I hope I’ve left Whit in a place where he belongs—at least for now.
_____________________________________________
Irene Latham is a poet and novelist who lives and writes in Birmingham, Alabama.
Her debut novel Leaving Gee’s Bend was named a Bank Street College Best Book, a SIBA finalist, a Crystal Kite Finalist and ALLA’s Children’s Book of the Year.
As a child she dreamed of being a zoo veterinarian and even trained as a teenage zoo volunteer.
All it took was observing one surgery to convince her that perhaps she’d better just write about the animals instead.
Visit her at www.irenelatham.com
Wondrous Words Wednesday is a weekly meme where you can share new words that you’ve encountered or spotlight words you love.
Feel free to get creative!
If you want to play along, grab the button, write a post and come back and add your link to Mr. Linky!
My words for this week came from Some Girls, Some Hats and Hitler by Trudi Kanter.
1. fiaker – ““Auf Wiedersehen, gnädige Frau, mein Herr,” said the fiaker, doffing his round, flat hat.”
According to this site, fiaker means
Fiaker, Viennese term for a two-horse, numbered hackney carriage, as opposed to the earlier, unnumbered carriages called “Janschky-Wagen” and one-horse “Comfortables”); “fiaker” also refers to the carriage driver.
Obviously, it means the driver in this case.
_____________________________________________________
2. crevette – “One perfect rose, the colors of crevettes.”
I should have known this one!
Crevette is French for shrimp.
_____________________________________________________
3. revers – “My gray flannel jacket had a tiny emerald green stand-up collar, wide revers, and cuffs.”
You can tell I don’t know much about fashion – revers is a lapel, especially on a woman’s garment.
_____________________________________________________
What words do you want to celebrate today?
Thoughts on books, food, & movies.
Home
About
Books Read (2008-10)
Books Read (2011-12)
Contact & Review Policy
Review: The Mermaid Collector
October 9, 2012
tags: Books, Erika Marks, women's fiction
When Tom Grace is left a lightkeeper’s house in Cradle Harbor, Maine, he decides that moving there will be just the thing to help him and his brother Dean get their lives in order.
Their parents were killed in a car accident years ago – Tom blames himself and has felt responsible for Dean ever since.
Tom and Dean arrive in Cradle Harbor just as the town’s annual Mermaid Festival is getting underway.
The first person Tom meets is Tess – a wood-carver who believes in the magic of the sea.
There’s an instant attraction but the secrets of their pasts just might be too much for them to overcome.
There’s a lot going on in The Mermaid Collector, by Erika Marks, and my description doesn’t really do it justice.
Besides Tess and Tom’s story, which is set in the present day, there’s the story of Lydia – a lighthouse keeper’s wife – set in the 1880′s.
Lydia’s story is the inspiration for Cradle Harbor’s Mermaid Festival.
There’s also the story of how and why Tom came to inherit the coveted lightkeeper’s house.
I know that sounds like a lot, but the book is written so that the stories all flow and mesh together and I was never confused.
In fact, I was fascinated with it from beginning to end.
I thought I had the ending figured out early on and, for the most part, I did, but that didn’t take away from my enjoyment of the book at all.
I needed to know how and why things worked out the way they did.
The Mermaid Collector is chock full of great characters.
Tess is a free spirit with a sad past who’s looking for acceptance.
Tom was a caregiver and he was the one I related to the most – I feel this need to make everything right for everyone.
Lydia is a wonderful character, too – she was petrified of the water yet lived at the shore so she lived a somewhat tormented life.
There are several secondary characters who add a lot to the story as well.
Marks expertly weaves the present day story with the story of the past and I thoroughly enjoyed my time with this book.
I recommend it to those who enjoy women’s fiction and those who enjoy just a touch of mysticism.
Watch for a giveaway of this book coming next week!
Welcome to Mailbox Monday, a meme started by Marcia and hosted on the Mailbox Monday blog for now.
I had another busy week but my schedule is pretty clear this week, so I’m looking forward to some down time.
Keep your fingers crossed for me!
I found these books in my mailbox last week:
Monday
Michael Douglas by Marc Eliot was a win from Read it Forward
Friendkeeping by Julie Klam came from Penguin
Born This Way by Paul Vitagliano came from Quirk Books
Sutton by J. R. Moehringer came from Harper Collins
Tuesday
Blackberry Winter by Sarah Jio came from Penguin for She Reads Book Club
The Casual Vacancy by J. K. Rowling came from Hachette Books
Wednesday
The Black Box by Michael Connelly came from Hachette Books
Thursday
Gun Machine by Warren Ellis came from Mulholland Books
Friday
Harvest by Richard Horan came from Harper Collins
Did you find any goodies in your mailbox last week?
Debut novelist Emily Colin was recently in town for a Book Your Lunch event hosted by Fiction Addiction and I was lucky enough to attend.
Emily runs an arts non-profit agency and had plenty of experience writing non-fiction – grants, marketing, web sites, etc., but The Memory Thief was her first attempt at fiction.
She was surrounded by creative people in her job and decided she needed to be creative too.
An idea was sparked when she read a memoir by a woman whose husband was killed in a mountain climbing accident.
As she wondered how she would research the book, she met a mountain climber when she was at the park with her son and then discovered a friend of hers was from Colorado.
It just seemed like this book was meant to be.
Emily took a writing workshop taught by Caroline Leavitt.
Leavitt believed in the book and became Emily’s mentor.
She told Emily to query 75 agents – Emily did better than that, she contacted 133 of them.
It took Emily nine months to find an agent and it took her agent six weeks to sell The Memory Thief.
The book was released on August 21st and was in its second printing before September.
The book was not written in the order it’s read.
In fact, Emily has a rather unique writing style.
She wrote all the pivotal scenes and went back and pieced them together.
It took her nine months to write the first draft.
She spent another four months revising it and did further revisions based on agent feedback.
Emily says the book is hard to categorize – she described it as a blend of love story, ghost story and mystery.
She said it’s about risk and risking everything,  Emily thinks the cover is beautiful but is a little disappointed in it because she doesn’t feel it reflects the story.
She fought for a different cover but didn’t win that battle.
She does like the trailer:
Since you’ve already seen several old photos of my family, I thought I’d feature one of Carl’s family today.
This photo’s not dated, but I would guess it was taken in the early 1960′s.
Carl is the child on the right.
I don’t know why they were all so serious when it was taken.
Saturday Snapshot is hosted by Alyce of At Home With Books.
It’s easy to participate – just post a picture that was taken by you, a friend, or a family member and add your link on Alyce’s site.
High school students Min and Ed were an unlikely couple to start with and, now that they’ve broken up, she’s filling a box with his things and writing a letter to include when she gives it to him.
She gives the background of each item as she puts in the box, effectively telling the story of their relationship.
Booking Mama and I were lucky enough to attend the Audiobook Tea at BEA this year and hear Daniel Handler speak and believe me when I say, the man is hilarious.
Knowing that, I went into Why We Broke Up with very high expectations – probably unfairly high – and the book didn’t live up to them.
I don’t want to give the impression that the book is not good, because it is, it’s just not the masterpiece I was hoping for.
I want to point out that this book is gorgeous – printed on low-gloss, heavy-stock paper, it’s much heavier than you expect it to be.
To make it even prettier, the book is beautifully illustrated by Maira Kalman.
In a lot of ways, Min is a pretty typical high school student and when she finds herself in a relationship with a popular guy, she can hardly believe it at first.
As things progress, the relationship seems to be going well, so she throws herself into it completely.
Obviously things didn’t work out, and Min thinks about their time together to try to figure out where things went wrong, giving readers the history of the relationship.
I may just be too old for it, but for me, it was kind of anti-climatic.
I do want to add that, in my opinion, this book is for the older spectrum of YA readers since it contains foul language, drinking, and sexual behavior.
I listened to the audio version of Why We Broke Up and looked at the book for the wonderful illustrations.
The audio version is narrated by Khristine Hvam.
I found her voice a little irritating at first, but quickly got used to it, and came to enjoy it.
There are a few sound effects in the audio version but I didn’t think they added anything to the listening experience.
The audiobook is on 6 CDs and lasts approximately six and a half hours.
There’s a great interview with Daniel Handler and Maira Kalman at the end and the artwork is included on the final CD.
For more children’s books reviews, go to Booking Mama’s feature, Kid Konnection.
If you’d like to participate in Kid Konnection and share a post about anything related to children’s books (picture, middle grade, or young adult) from the past week, leave a comment as well as a link on her site.
Freddie Quell (played by Joaquin Phoenix)  returns from the war a broken man.
After losing his job because of a violent outburst, he drifts aimlessly for a little while and finally finds himself involved with Lancaster Dodd (played by Philip Seymour Hoffman), the leader of The Cause , a cult-like organization.
My friend and I haven’t been to many movies lately because nothing has appealed to us.
When we saw The Master was getting rave reviews, we decided to give it a try, and we were both disappointed.
As a matter of fact, we thought about leaving the movie early but hoped that it would redeem itself but, for us, it never did.
The movie is loosely based on Scientology, but it just didn’t work for me.
I think my biggest problem with the movie was that I didn’t understand the motivation behind Dodd’s movement.
He didn’t come across as charismatic to me so I couldn’t understand why people were following him.
I really didn’t understand how Freddie became involved with him either.
Maybe the movie was just over my head!
Even though I didn’t enjoy The Master, I have to admit that much of the acting in it was superb, particularly by Phoenix and Hoffman.
I won’t be surprised if Phoenix receives an Oscar nomination for his role.
Even so, I would recommend waiting for the DVD of this one.
