I love massages.
When I was younger, we had a yaya who gave awesome massages and during cheering season in school, I would come home battered from practice and she would massage me until I dozed off --- it was amazing.
My job as a dentist (constantly slouched towards the patient's mouth) and a writer (seated in front of the computer) does a number on my head, neck and back.
So always, towards the end of the week, I'd be fatigued and exhausted.
Most of the time, by Saturday, I'd almost have no energy left and I'd be yearning for my only true day of rest --- Sunday.
Almost so often, as well, I crave for a massage.
Still, even if know I need massages quite regularly, I don't ever spend for it because I know that if I do, I'd make a habit out of it and I'd literally have to go every week because I always have backaches, neckaches and all kinds of aches on a regular basis.
So I do go to spas for a massage, but not as often as I needed.
Anyway, a just a month ago, I tried Lasema Spa in Makati with my friends.
It's a different kind of spa; Lasema: Jjim jil bang is a Korean style sauna and spa designed for men and women --- and that I think everyone needs to experience it, and this is why...
After registering at the lobby, everyone will be given two towels, “uniform” Lasema shirt and shorts, then a key to locker where you can keep your things.
The package is good for 12 hours (with an hour massage) so you can do just enjoy, relax and pamper yourself.
The first part of the spa is the WET AREA and the women and men are segregated, for very obvious reasons.
Here are the lockers, you basically strip off all of your clothes (including undies) and then walk around naked like you’ve got the best body in the world.
At first it can be a little weird, but then you see everyone else naked around you, naked in all shapes and sizes, and you say: “What the heck!”.
In the WET AREA, you get to use the hot/cold showers (which I forgot to take photos of) and then you get to dip in the pool and then lounge in the “jacuzzi”.
The hot bath is quite unbearable in the beginning, so I couldn’t just jump in and welcome the heat.
I went toes first, then feet, then legs, then butt, then stomach, then whole body… it was a lengthy process.
As I was with my girlfriends, we just chatted away and enjoyed the heat.
After awhile, we rinsed for bit, and then applied hot oil on our hair.
Yes, we came very prepared.
We had hot oil, body oil and body scrub (I forgot to take pictures of that area where there are beds that you can use for body scrub applications).
I mean, if you’re going to maximize your stay in this place you have to come with right tools --- and we did.
We stayed in the steam bath for the hot oil and body oil, until we got so dehydrated that we had to pop out for a bit and get some water.
After our hair and body treatments, we showered and dried ourselves --- and here’s a photo of the girls in the locker room, all pink and pretty!
The “uniform” is for the DRY AREA/COMMON AREA.
At the DRY AREA there are DRY SAUNAS where you can hangout in (but I forgot to take photos of) and I probably stayed there for 30 minutes, lying on the stones on the floor, it was so fun.
I was reading my book and I could’ve stayed longer but we had a massage reservation and we were next in line so I had to leave.
There is also an ICE ROOM (see the photos above).
The place is so cold but it's a nice kind of cold, until you begin to tremble and you realize it's time to leave.
When our turn came, we were taken to our rooms and I had the best COMBINATION MASSAGE I ever had in my life.
The lady who was working on me applied just enough pressure on the right areas, so I enjoyed the massage.
It was just an hour, but it felt longer, perhaps because I enjoyed the whole thing.
In fact, I brought my iPad inside and tried to read but I turned it off about 5 minutes into the thing because there was no way I could read --- hell no!
The place is different and it is good enough to try, but you really have to make time if you want to truly enjoy
it.
The package is for P900+ but we only paid P500 for it because we got a deal for it.
For couples, it is not so much a good thing to do, unless you go there for the massage.
But if you are a pair and you are going for the whole SPA EXPERIENCE, you wouldn’t be able to enjoy since the men are segregated from the women.
It is best done by a group of GIRLS or GUYS, or you can go as GROUP of COUPLES so that that girls can go together and the guys can go on their own, as well, then you all meet up at the common area.
I've never been to a Halloween Party.
Some people make an effort and I am not the type.
Most of the time, I just couldn't be bothered and I just don't care --- so the last time that I really took the time was when I went "Trick or Treating" with friends when I was in high school (seriously).
While I've always been intrigued about the idea of dressing up and going all out, thinking about it already exhausts me.
Haha! Anyway, my dear friend's birthday was last October 31st and for the first time, she decided to throw a party and take the opportunity to make it a Halloween Party.
At first we all hated the idea and she received all kinds of complaints about it, but we all eventually found a way to get costumes --- and when I say eventually found a way, it was basically, being resourceful because we all just had no time and energy to actually commit to these things.
I, initially, wanted to come as Katniss Everdeen.
I was going to come in all black tights and shirt, a brown coat and brown pair of boots --- then have a bow and arrow to match it.
But I cancelled it out because every time I tell people who I was going to be, I have people telling me: "Who is Katniss?" so I'd constantly have to explain, "Hunger Games...” so I scrapped the idea altogether.
Thankfully, while I was having dinner with some friends this one time and I suddenly remembered that one of them is a volunteer firefighter so I joked about borrowing his gear and he actually said "yes".
He lent me the his pants, with the suspenders, and he lent me his boy’s plastic fire chief hat, so all I had to spend for was the plastic boots which I got for Php250 in the market (Thanks to Monique).
Before showing you my costume, here's a very funny detail about it.
My friend had the pants laundered a few days before the party, so they would be clean for me.
But there were two fires, two nights before the party, so they met some action before my friend’s birthday!
Some people were rather amazed with my costume and a guy even asked me where I got them from and I said: "They're actual fire pants and right now, if there's fire somewhere, my friend is lacking pants to protect him with his firefight/lifesaving duties".
Whenever I travel, one of the things I enjoy is the food.
I mean, you have to, or else what kind of a trip is that?
Anyway, when my family goes to Singapore (my dad loves Singapore so we've all been there more than once with him), you can bet we'd have chicken rice and mango sticky rice.
When I was in Malaysia, I fell in love with char kway teow and had several versions of beef rendang.
A few weeks ago, I met up with a good friend Selene for some brainstorming.
We're planning to start a small business together and we decided to talk about it over dinner.
She was, unfortunately, craving for Cereal Prawns so we had very limited dining choices.
She discovered that Nasi Lemak has it on their menu so we had our dinner there --- and it was a great one.
As usual, I arrived earlier and since I left my phone at home, I couldn't tell her that I had already arrived.
Luckily the manager/owner (?) of Nasi Lemak was nice enough to lend me his password so I was able to contact Selene via Twitter, while I enjoyed my appetizer of Roti Canai (with curry dip).
We enjoyed the meal thoroughly.
Selene loved her Cereal Prawns and I liked their Beef Rendang so much.
The meat was tender and the flavor was divine...
I can't say much about the Hainanese Chicken because that's always good, anyway.
Once upon a time, a year or so ago, there was Nasi Lemak in Tomas Morato and I’ve always wanted to try the place but never did.
Now that branch has closed and has been replaced, too bad, because if I knew they served good food --- I would have eaten there lots of times.
By the way, watch out for the launch of our mini business, okay?
It’s gonna come out real soon.
I am 31 and so are all my friends.
We've been friends for more than 10 years and some longer than that.
We all met in St Paul Pasig when were in high school, and we were freshies.
In high school, we were a riot.
We loved violating rules, making fools of ourselves, singing silly songs, running around the corridor, stealing pens from people's bags, going back to the iced tea lady to get 13 free refills, wearing our skirts over our head and shouting "freedom", eating spaghetti with our hands, dancing adulyadej and so much more.
We were so much younger then.
After awhile we all went to college, graduated and built our own lives.
We have all gone so far from where we all begun.
Some are mothers, wives, some getting married --- some building bigger things for themselves.
On our own, we all have our own dilemmas and our own realities to deal with.
We have all grown up and we have responsibilities to face.
No longer reckless teenagers, running around doing everything we liked.
On our own, we are grown ups and we act, we talk, we look and we seem like we've grown.
When together, we're still a bunch of high school students.
When together, even for just a few hours, we forget we're professionals, mothers and wives.
When we're together we remember how we were in high school and we act crazy and shameless (that's an exaggeration).
That is what I love with my friends.
The people who do not really know me, should meet my friends, to know who I really am.
In the clinic I am a dentist --- people have to respect and trust me enough to allow me to do things in their mouths.
In front of my patients I have to behave a certain way because it is expected of me and it is expected of a woman, in my profession and in my age, to do so.
I love my friends because when we're together I am offered a chance to just be who I am, without rules.
They know me inside out --- and yet, they love to pieces and I love them.
They say your friends in high school will be your friends forever and they are right.
Because I can imagine myself with these girls in 10, 20, 50 more years.
Maybe we wouldn't be dancing like this at that age, not because we don't want to, but we because we can't --- but I'm sure we'll still all be so awesome together, wrinkly and old (except for Selene) but awesome, nonetheless!
Growing up to a military father and living in a military camp was different.
The whole place was gated with armed men and there were curfews.
Our fathers were strict and we always had other people at home --- drivers, soldiers --- most of them had guns.
It wasn't weird  for me to see guns, while Growing up.
My dad had all kinds of guns, big and small --- so they weren't exactly scary things to me.
Guns fire bullets and they can hurt people, but early on you get to learn the difference between friendly sounds of cannons and guns from the sound of firearms during an attack.
Part of most all our lives was learning how to shoot.
Once we're strong enough to handle the recoil we're taught to carry a gun and taught to shoot.
My first time to fire a gun was awesome.
It was heavy and I was scared, but I fired it just as I was told and I hit the target.
That summer, my dad made me compete in a shootfest against other dependents (under the ladies category) and I won.
I competed another time and won second (damn that lady).
I could have competed some more if we didn't leave for London, so the only guns I've fired since then were guns for Time Crisis and Medal of Honor.
Hahahahaha!
That I can still fire a gun, I'm certain I can.
But that I can fire a gun at someone --- that's another thing altogether.
I'm a lover, not a fighter --- I make peace, not war!
As I've said before and will continue to say, God will fight my battles for me.
But just in case, you want to know --- I can.
I've gained some weight in the last few months.
The problem with me, though, is that before I gain weight anywhere else it first goes to my cheeks.
Same is true when I lose weight, all the extra weight gets sucked out of my cheeks, first, before anywhere else.
Anyway, I've decided to workout my cheeks with some TRX.
Hahaha.
Since I couldn't exactly control the eating (because me and food, we're good together), I finally gave in to my friends' invitation to try TRX with them and it was fun.
The experience is different and hardcore, that my body was screaming pain the next day.
The workout is designed for your entire body and I was sweating like a pig 10 minutes into the first set, it was amazing.
I was actually having doubts about my arms' strength but I was okay, I think, for a first try and I am definitely coming back for more.
I still really need a lot of practice and I have to develop my endurance; after all, I’ve been away from the gym for about a year (tsk tsk).
I went to Kinematics TRX at Centro Atletico and the session is priced at 400 per hour or 3500 for 10 sessions (good for 3 months).
One class can accommodate about 8 people and you can book a private session for you and your friends if the group is big enough, so it's quite fun because you can fool around and not worry about anyone else.
The instructors/owners are Jon and Stephen Paulino and I don't know with you but if your instructors are as handsome as these guys, you will really come back for seconds --- Haha!
In other words, it is a healthy way to get firm, thin and toned muscles --- and that is what we like, right?
You see, I am not much of a fitness buff.
I do "feel" the need to exercise and I am not so conscious about what I should and should not eat.
Sometimes, though, you get to realize that you are not getting any younger and that you have to start taking care of your body more --- so I go through various health tips online or I ask people who know better than me.
You, what do you do to keep fit?
I love massages.
When I was younger, we had a yaya who gave awesome massages and during cheering season in school, I would come home battered from practice and she would massage me until I dozed off --- it was amazing.
My job as a dentist (constantly slouched towards the patient's mouth) and a writer (seated in front of the computer) does a number on my head, neck and back.
So always, towards the end of the week, I'd be fatigued and exhausted.
Most of the time, by Saturday, I'd almost have no energy left and I'd be yearning for my only true day of rest --- Sunday.
Almost so often, as well, I crave for a massage.
Still, even if know I need massages quite regularly, I don't ever spend for it because I know that if I do, I'd make a habit out of it and I'd literally have to go every week because I always have backaches, neckaches and all kinds of aches on a regular basis.
So I do go to spas for a massage, but not as often as I needed.
Anyway, a just a month ago, I tried Lasema Spa in Makati with my friends.
It's a different kind of spa; Lasema: Jjim jil bang is a Korean style sauna and spa designed for men and women --- and that I think everyone needs to experience it, and this is why...
After registering at the lobby, everyone will be given two towels, “uniform” Lasema shirt and shorts, then a key to locker where you can keep your things.
The package is good for 12 hours (with an hour massage) so you can do just enjoy, relax and pamper yourself.
The first part of the spa is the WET AREA and the women and men are segregated, for very obvious reasons.
Here are the lockers, you basically strip off all of your clothes (including undies) and then walk around naked like you’ve got the best body in the world.
At first it can be a little weird, but then you see everyone else naked around you, naked in all shapes and sizes, and you say: “What the heck!”.
In the WET AREA, you get to use the hot/cold showers (which I forgot to take photos of) and then you get to dip in the pool and then lounge in the “jacuzzi”.
The hot bath is quite unbearable in the beginning, so I couldn’t just jump in and welcome the heat.
I went toes first, then feet, then legs, then butt, then stomach, then whole body… it was a lengthy process.
As I was with my girlfriends, we just chatted away and enjoyed the heat.
After awhile, we rinsed for bit, and then applied hot oil on our hair.
Yes, we came very prepared.
We had hot oil, body oil and body scrub (I forgot to take pictures of that area where there are beds that you can use for body scrub applications).
I mean, if you’re going to maximize your stay in this place you have to come with right tools --- and we did.
We stayed in the steam bath for the hot oil and body oil, until we got so dehydrated that we had to pop out for a bit and get some water.
After our hair and body treatments, we showered and dried ourselves --- and here’s a photo of the girls in the locker room, all pink and pretty!
The “uniform” is for the DRY AREA/COMMON AREA.
At the DRY AREA there are DRY SAUNAS where you can hangout in (but I forgot to take photos of) and I probably stayed there for 30 minutes, lying on the stones on the floor, it was so fun.
I was reading my book and I could’ve stayed longer but we had a massage reservation and we were next in line so I had to leave.
There is also an ICE ROOM (see the photos above).
The place is so cold but it's a nice kind of cold, until you begin to tremble and you realize it's time to leave.
While I was reading my book with another friend, the other girls stayed in the COMMON AREA where there are small cubbies or capsules where you can sleep.
Remember you are allowed to stay here for 12 hours, so you can actually try to get some sleep if you want to.
None of us slept but we had tea and coffee, instead while waiting for our turn at the massage area.
When our turn came, we were taken to our rooms and I had the best COMBINATION MASSAGE I ever had in my life.
The lady who was working on me applied just enough pressure on the right areas, so I enjoyed the massage.
It was just an hour, but it felt longer, perhaps because I enjoyed the whole thing.
In fact, I brought my iPad inside and tried to read but I turned it off about 5 minutes into the thing because there was no way I could read --- hell no!
When you're a student or barely out of college and not yet earning your own money, it is your job to know where to find affordable meals.
I remember being in school and trying to fit my P100 allowance for meals and patients (no wonder all I could afford was a foot long) it was a challenge, but I always made it.
Anyway, speaking of affordable, my sisters took us to Mr. Kimbob: Healthfood, where you can taste cheap Korean food, after church a few Sundays ago.
Hahaha!
I realized that if we had this in CEU when I was in school, I could just barely afford it because I only had P100 per day.
I guess my sisters get more now, since everything’s more expensive.
But anyway, my mom did not try the Bibimbap because she said it looked weird.
Well, I couldn’t blame her.
When she asked my sister what it is, my sister said: “It’s basically leftover stuff and then you have to mix it altogether like kanin baboy”.
What a way to sell a dish to a person like my mom! I’d say that’s ENDORSEMENT-FAIL!
Do not compare the food to a real Korean Restaurant, because it’s far from it.
But, for Php99, it stuffs you well and it taste pretty good!
I recently broke my iPad.
Well, it didn't exactly break it because I wouldn't do that, even if I had a lot of money, but I got into an accident and it broke into millions of pieces.
This is the infamous case and my new iPad, inside it.
All is good, now, and back to normal but one should always draw something from circumstances.
For instance, the lesson in this story is this: There's always a bright side to things, you just have to look at it from a different perspective.
I may have broken my iPad but God was good enough to replace it --- so the broken pieces do not matter anymore.
Also, people should remember this rule: "If you break it, consider it sold!"
Hahaha!
There are a few artists that I truly love and John Mayer is one of them.
The truth is that I do not listen to a specific genre of songs.
I can listen to anything --- just probably not heavy metal --- but the type of music you will find on my personal playlist will have John Mayer type songs.
I like songs that have good lyrics and you can never go wrong with John (naks close!)
Actually, much of the music I play in the clinic are from John Mayer (as well as Jason Mraz, Jack Johnson, etc) and I always have patients who tell me: "Doc, I love your music here.
We actually have the same playlist."
and then one time this patient even asked me to stop because he loved the song so much and after the procedure he walked out of the clinic saying: "You are, now, my John Mayer dentist!" --- I don't exactly know how significant that is, I mean does he have another dentist, a Rihanna dentist or a Taylor Swift dentist?
Haha!
