Summary: It is easy to forget how much my teeth have changed!
I finally decided to create a progress picture by month.
Looking back, I can really see the changes and how much better it looks now.
It is not perfect now, but I can't really complain because I love the way my teeth feel now.
If you look carefully and compare the pictures from month to month, you can actually see what the orthodontist was trying to correct at the time.
Summary: I got my retainer replacements, for free!
The Monday after I had lost my retainers at a restaurant, I called the orthodontist's office and made an appointment for later in the day.
During the call, I had confirmed that they will need to make new impressions and a new mold as they don't keep them.
I showed up at 430pm, brushed my teeth and was then immediately called to be seated.
Shortly after my orthodontist came over and didn't really ask how I lost it, but he was the nicest guy when he said he would waive my fee as it was the first time.
However, he had forgotten I had removable lower retainers cause he said it would have been about $200.
So, I corrected him and said, I also lost my lower ones.
He paused but said he'd waive those too!!
This definitely made my week!!
I left after the impressions were made and was asked to come on Thursday (that is only 3 days later).
Today I showed up and got my retainers fitted and got myself a new case as well.
The retainers actually fit so much better than my old ones for some reason.
A lot more snug and a little harder to remove because the wires seem to hug my teeth a little more.
I don't really think my teeth moved because I feel no pain nor discomfort (besides the regular annoyance of having something in my mouth 24/7.
It actually felt great to get my retainers back.
As I left, the receptionist stopped me and said I had won the monthly raffle for movie tickets!
That was just icing on the cake.
At my ortho they do monthly movie raffles and I guess after 2 years, I finally won!
Let's hope I don't lose these new retainers.
Summary: More like week 6 with my lost retainers :(
I just got back from dinner and about an hour and a half later I realized I forgot my retainers!
I called the restaurant back and they said they had thrown out the trash out already.
On my drive back home I felt super guilty.
I kept thinking what the ortho said - he said not to wrap it in a napkin or paper towel because someone would mistaken it with trash and throw it out!! I left it on the table and since it was kind of dark and crowded I totally forgot!
I normally remember even though I wrap it in paper.
Let's hope it costs less than $200.
Anybody know how much they cost in California?
I also hope my ortho has kept the impressions /mold so that I would get retainers with the original mold.
I am afraid that if he takes new impressions they are going to be for teeth that have already moved around.
I'll be calling first thing Monday morning.
It is unfortunate this happened on a Friday night.
I can't believe I lost it already after only 6 weeks!!!!!
So upset!
Unbelievably, it has been 5 weeks since I got my braces off.
Looking back I kind of went through a few stages getting used to having no braces and having retainers
During the first few days I was actually a little worried.
I knew my teeth weren't 100% perfect, the retainers were bothering me, my bite didn't fit with the retainers on and I had to get used to taking the retainers off every time I ate.
I tried my best to keep them on for as long as possible but that was not possible as I eat constantly!
Talking was also really hard and took more than just 2 days (as the ortho said) for my tongue to get used to them - I slurred my R's and TH's.
The following few days my feelings changed - I was ecstatic.
It was amazing to feel my actual teeth against my cheeks.
I had realized my teeth were still trying to settle in and were still moving around.
I kept smiling as I was actually very happy about seeing some really nice teeth on me.
A couple of weeks into the retainers I started getting used to the routine of taking the retainers off, rinsing them every time, brushing them day and night and so on and so forth.
My teeth have settled in by this time and I can actually bite (no food) with the retainers on.
My speech improved drastically but there is still a hint of slurring but I feel confident talking with them.
Another great thing I started appreciating more was the fact that I could eat without having food stuck on my braces.
Cheers to that!
Now, I am 100% happy.
At times I think maybe my teeth aren't perfect or maybe they are a little forward or not symmetrical enough.
But, at the end of the day, I'll leave that up to the orthodontist and his years of experience.
During my checkup today I had my pictures taken again.
Hopefully, I'll get a copy of them as well but I am not sure.
I might have to call and request them to be emailed to me.
The ortho checked my retainers and how they were fitting and said they were fitting great.
Which was an indication that I had been wearing them long enough.
I also requested to polish off my incisor as I still felt it was too big and also the next tooth which was too "sharp" compared to the other side.
My appointment today was quick and somewhat painless.
I got in 5 minutes late and had to wait about 3 more minutes before I was seated.
Shortly after, my orthodontist came by and took a quick look at my teeth.
He then took his pliers and started loosening each and every single one of the brackets.
As he did that, I started feeling afraid that some part of the plier will catch on to my lips - maybe I am paranoid.
Then, I rinsed my mouth and the nurse then started to polish all of the glue.
It took a while and it hurt at times probably because of the cold air on my gums or perhaps cavity.
That was definitely not fun.
Once the nurse was done I went to brush my teeth and I could see gum pieces all over my face.
Glad, I got a chance to brush.
The smell was horrible too - like something burning.
Once the brackets were off I started feeling this very interesting sensation.
My teeth felt really slimy and soft, there was nothing for my lips to "hang on to" anymore.
After that, the orthodontist polished my teeth per my request.
There were some edges there weren't quite right.
In fact, I still feel like my right incisor is still too big and looks kind of off.
Later, I got my retainers and was taught how to take them off and on.
A few tips given to maintaining your retainers:
1. Do not drink anything but water with your retainers.
Avoid coffee, tea and sodas.
2. Rinse after they are removed and don't let saliva dry on the retainers
3. Brush them every morning and night
4. Wear them full time for the first 6 months
They feel really weird actually and affected my speech.
I currently find it hard to pronounce the Rs and THs.
But, the ortho did say it would get back to normal within a few days after my tongue got used to it.
Before I left, I was given a nice gesture from my ortho.
He gave me some sparkling wine and a bag of sweets!!!
I found that to be very nice!
So far the day has gone well.
I've had no problem except the fact that I am getting used to wearing retainers.
Eating has been great too and my breath doesn't stink as bad anymore (at least I think so).
I also feel weird smiling now as I am feeling very conscience about it now that I don't have braces.
My next appointment is in 5 weeks.
I might ask them to polish it a little more in some spots.
I am also concerned that my smile isn't perfect and that the front teeth are kind of overly slanted forward.
I decided to take a few pictures the night before my braces come off.
As I looked at the pictures, I started to have second thoughts.
I took a few more pictures smiling to see how my teeth looked and starting to think that maybe they aren't ready yet.
It might be because the way my teeth have been worn over the years but whenever I look at the pictures it doesn't look even - they look slanted and my front teeth also seem to look like they are too far out.
Hopefully, I didn't rush this process and decided to get rid of my braces too early.
However, my orthodontist does think they took great and I do trust his expert opinion; but, if he is wrong then what would happen?
Would I need to get braces again?
Can there still be adjustments made with just the retainers?
Is this the best my teeth can be?
Tomorrow the process is supposed to take an hour.
I am assuming they will 1) Remove wires and rubberbands 2) Have me brush my teeth 3) Use pliers to remove each bracket 4) Use sanding took to remove glue on teeth 5) Use another sanding tool to smoothen out my teeth  6) Hopefully ask me to brush again 7) Take pictures for their records 8) Put on the retainers 9) Teach me how to put them on, take them off and maintain them 10) Schedule my next appointment.
I had my ortho appointment this morning which went well overall.
When I got in and was seated, the assistant asked how I was doing and how I felt about my teeth.
My answer was naturally good but I also mentioned I was a little unhappy about my front left tooth which seems to be a little too far out.
She took my comment and when the orthodontist came by she said, I think it is going to be detailing.
I didn't quite like the sound of that as detailing means more tweaking and more tweaking means adjustments to the wire which means another 3-4 weeks!!!!
So the ortho came and we talked about my concern.
He agreed but he said that he can move it but he didn't know where to move it as he couldn't move it back because it would touch my lower teeth.
I actually liked his honest response.
The other thing he pointed out was that if it actually looked off or if it felt off.
The reality is that it was both but it was really up to me.
He said he can polish it off a little and hopefully that would help.
Overall, I think it is great and we have come a long way AND I didn't want to wait another month before getting my braces off.
I know it sounds bad and hopefully I won't regret my decesion but after hearing the ortho say that it would be tough to make it perfect because the way the teeth have worn out already, I decided it was the best decision at the moment.
Once that was decided my wires were taken off and my impressions were taken.
This time around it was a white goo that was used instead of pink.
There was no taste to it (as it didn't touch my tongue) but there were some bits and pieces left in my mouth so be sure to brush your teeth after your Impressions.
The surprising aspect is that my brackets were left in place for the impressions.
I guess as long as the general contour of the teeth is recorded, that is enough to make the retainers.
I was also given the option to either have a bonded wire on my lower teeth or have removable retainers.
I did some previous research on this and decided I wanted removable retainers.
I didn't want to bother with having difficulty flossing or worry about the bonding.
And, I think eventually, I can stop using my retainers.
The color I chose was the regular plain pink which is supposed to blend with your gums - yes, it is boring but I am no longer a teenager for any crazy colors or glitter.
Next will my braces are coming off!
I am very excited.
Officially done with braces after 128 weeks (almost 2.5 years).
I went to my ortho this morning feeling a little down and upset knowing I wouldn't be having my braces off.
Went through the normal routine with the removing of the chain, wire and detailing.
Afterward, the ortho went ahead and did some filing on some of the teeth we talked about.
He then mentioned we are almost there.
I saw it as the perfect entry to asking my question, "When do you think we'll be done."
Something I didn't expect to hear was, "We can continue detailing, but we can be done once you are happy with it."
I had to pause for a moment and thought, "so technically, this could go on forever!?!?!?" then I composed myself and said, "I think they are very good already, they feel great after this adjustment you just did."
And, they really do - it is something I can live with because the bite feel amazing!!!!!!!!
The ortho went on and spoke about making impressions whenever I wanted which made it sound like we can still continue making adjustments even after your impressions are taken.
So I asked what that really meant.
He said, normally you take the impressions and after 2 weeks your brackets come off.
I decided not to question it and asked if we can get it done in the next appointment and have my braces removed by the end of February.
He complied and said, yes, I think they are looking really good.
My impressions are now scheduled for February 14th and my removal is scheduled for February 21st!
5 weeks until my braces come off (and the retainers come on)!
I have come to accept that my teeth will not be 100% perfect as they have worn themselves into specific shapes from before my braces.
I think this is a good thing as I will have lower expectations next week when I see the orthodontist.
I say this as over the last few weeks I have been noticing that the rubberbands haven't helped much in pushing my front teeth forward as I can still see my lower teeth are hitting them a little too early.
Also, ever since I changed to the rabbit rubberbands, I have been eating a lot of them.
I don't normally take them off when eating so they end up breaking and before I know it, I have swallowed them.
Another thing I noticed is that it might be true (as the ortho said) that one of my front teeth is slightly larger than the other which is probably causing it to look like it is a little too forward.
Hopefully when my braces come off, the ortho will be able to smoothen it all out and make it look nice and neat.
Fingers crossed it all goes well next week.
I must remember to take picture right before, in case they do come off!
This afternoon after lunch I thought my teeth were feeling great.
I felt some slight pain on my molar so I thought the new rubberbands are really working now, working its way to my lower molar.
As the day progressed, the pain grew.
By nightfall, I was in real pain.
Right now I can't bite down completely as I would hit my swollen gum.
I used to get swollen gums on my lower left side but after the dentist smoothened out that molar, it wouldn't get swollen anymore.
Probably because there wouldn't be any food stuck.
This time around it is my right lower gym right next to the last molar.
It is even more painful than my past experiences and I don't know what to do.
I have already tried flossing (but couldn't as it is too swollen) and I have also rinsed my mouth with salt water.
If I can't sleep later or it is the same or worse tomorrow, I'll definitely take a painkiller.
I just got back from my visit to the orthodontist.
Even prior to going, I knew my braces weren't ready to be taken off.
I am having a company party event next week and would have liked to have had a nice big smile without my braces.
Now, that will not be possible.
Heck, all the upcoming Christmas parties will be with my braces still on as my next appointment will be on the 20th of December and it probably takes about a week before the retainers are ready - so I'd be looking for December 27th (not taking into account it is the holiday season which would delay shipping).
During this visit, the ortho made some small adjustments to the same wire to close the small gap I still have between my molars.
He also made a small adjustment to my upper front teeth but I can't tell what it was.
Another thing he did was to file down the ridges behind my upper front teeth as my lower teeth were hitting into them.
After that, my bite felt sooooo much better…
Cheers to the holidays with braces!
:( 
My next appointment will be in November 28th and I am hoping that will be my second to last appointment.
I was supposed to have it next Monday but I am out on vacation for 2 weeks so I had to reschedule :(.
Hopefully I'll be done by mid December and will be able to have a good smile for the holidays!
I can almost feel it is as good as it will get but I know there are some more small adjustments to make.
I went to see my orthodontist on Monday.
It was overall a good appointment with many changes.
1. Minor wire adjustments
2. Power chains on upper and lower teeth
The orthodontist also told me that we want to get my braces off ASAP.
He knows that by now I should have already had my braces off.
I know!
It feels like forever now, especially on these last few months.
He said that we are trying to have them off by the end of the year.
My next appointment isn't until 5 weeks out.
That would be the first week of October.
I am assuming I would have another appointment the first week of November and maybe a last appointment the first week of December.
This would mean I have about 3 months left.
About 2 days ago I noticed that I had a slight pinching on the back of my right side.
I didn't really pay much attention to it actually as I knew it was probably just some wire poking me.
Later in the day I decided to take a look and found out I was missing the last bracket on my upper molar!
I tried hard to remember when it started hurting but I couldn't.
I also don't remember biting anything hard so I am pretty sure I just swallowed it :(.
Hopefully, it is out of my system by now.
I called the ortho yesterday and they asked me to come in so I'll be going later today.
Hopefully he decides to do more than just replacing the bracket.
I just got back from my ortho appointment and I was disappointed as I was technically supposed to be done by now.
I think it has been almost a year since I got my braces.
A few things happened today.
The orthodontist asked me to stand up and smile.
I think he was looking at how my teeth actually looked standing up and not lying down.
Later he got my wires out to make adjustments:
- Adjustment 1: Twisted inner lower wire to correct the molar as it was too far out.
- Adjustment 2: Made a little stop on the front wire to correct one of the front tooth as it seemed to be a little longer (didn't really notice but you can totally tell from previous pictures).
That was all that was done today.
Also, I was told I only need to wear my rubber bands at night.
When I asked him how much longer?
He said we wanted to be done by now but that I should hang on and we are looking to be done by the end of the year - hopefully before that.
However, I am going to keep my expectations low and think it will be done in December.
Hopefully it will be done by November.
It seems like I have a small infection in my gum.
It is located a the lower left side all the way at the back, where I used to have my wisdom teeth.
I am not sure what is wrong but I got it soon after my ortho appointment.
That means it has been there for over a week!
It started as just being swollen and painful (it has happened before).
So I let it be.
However, later this week it got a red spot with some bleeding.
I flossed it out again and it seems like there was food stuck :S.
I have my cleaning this Friday so hopefully they'll let me know how bad it is.
On the bright side, it hurts less than last week so I think it is getting better.
I had my ortho appointment on Monday and I must say it was great.
I am not sure why, but this time around I was there for 45 minutes instead of my usual 20 minutes.
This is what happened...
As usual, I arrived and checked in.
Before I could take a seat in the waiting area the nurse calls me over and I am seated in one of the doctor's patient chairs.
Before taking my seat I saw one of my orthodontist looking at the computer and instructing the nurse to do something.
So, shortly after I sat down, the nurse went ahead and removed my upper wires.
Later, I had to wait for a few minutes for the orthodontist to come and check my progress.
The orthodontist took a look and asked me to open and close my mouth a few times to see how the teeth were aligning.
He said the gap looked good - it looked like it was closing well but that we still needed to work on opening up the upper left side.
He also decided to have the lower wires removed because he thought that the way I was wearing my rubber bands were preventing my teeth from opening up so here comes another experiment!!!!!
My lower wires were taken off and he worked on new wires (without the hooks).
He said the new wire is stronger.
He shaped the wire and did some twisting to it and also made it a little narrower, I guess to narrow my teeth on the bottom.
With regards to the upper wires, I am not sure he did much adjusting to it.
Afterward, it took forever for the nurse to place the lower wires.
She had trouble aligning it and kept putting it in and out....
Once both my wires were in I was told we would be putting a "button" on my molar.
I wasn't sure where but the nurse explained it would be in the inner part (I'll post the pictures later).
So now I have a "button" on my 1st molar on the upper left side and I wear a new rubberband that goes from the button to the 2nd molar on the lower left side.
This is supposed to help push out the upper teeth.
So far, it is working but hasn't moved far out enough.
Overall, it is great!
I am currently growing very impatient with my braces.
At this rate I don't see myself losing my braces by September :(.
Why do I say this?
Because I don't really see any movement going on.
I don't feel anything anymore after wearing my rubberbands - it just seems like my teeth are very unwilling to move.
My next ortho appointment is in about 2 weeks.
I really can't wait for them to do some more tweaking!
I went to the orthodontist this morning and it all seems to be going very well.
I was complimented that I was very good in wearing my elastics and that it is paying off.
He said I should only wear them at night from now on.
Overall, he didn't do much today and it was another one of those quick visits.
The ortho took out my wires and trimmed on of them.
For the lower wires he kind of did a step on the wire to even out my teeth.
For the upper wire he pretty much just made it wider.
He said my right side is perfect, but the left side is still crowded even though we closed up the gap so that is what he is working on now.
I didn't ask for an estimate completion date but I think it should be within the next 3 months.
My next appointment will be in 6 weeks and hopefully by then my teeth will look much better.
As of now, I feel a little sore but not as bad as other times.
It might change as the day goes by.
For some reason my lower left gum (right behind my last molar) keeps getting swollen every now and then.
It sucks because I try to keep it clean but every time I poke it or use a floss it ends up getting swollen.
It might be because with the rubber bands, the molar is being pushed too closely to the gum and the bracket and wire is poking the gum.
I am going to leave it alone for a few days.
That usually helps but it does nothing good for my breath!
must say that I was pretty disappointed after my appointment with the orthodontist yesterday.
As the day went by, it all changed.
By lunch time, my teeth were sore.
Who would have thought that a slight change in a rubber band would make such a difference?
By night time, of my upper left teeth were sore.
I can tell my back molar has moved too as my bite is off and I can't really bite down completely anymore.
It is the first time I have experienced so many teeth sore all at the same time in a while - 6 teeth in total.
The weirdest part is that if I bite on the opposite side, I can feel some pain on the other side.
I guess it is so tight right now that any minor pull or pull can be felt.
This morning I woke up without much improvement so I am guessing this will last until tomorrow.
My only fear now is that my front teeth will try to shift towards the left which would be counter productive
spent at total of 15 minutes at the ortho office.
That includes 2 minutes wait time prior to the appointment and 3 minutes waiting for the receptionist to make my new appointment.
Nothing really happened.
I got in and got my fixed rubber bands replaced by the assistant.
These are the ones that go from the hooks to the molars.
The orthodontist took a look and said the gap was closing really well but asked me to keep putting on my cross rubber bands.
He then told the assistant to change the upper fixed rubber band to go to the last molar to close the gap that was being created.
And now, it hurts!
It might be a day for soup again.
I also chatted a little bit with him afterward and asked when does he think I'd have my braces off.
He said it was probably going to be towards the end of summer.
He said the gaps will be closed by the next 1 or 2 appointment (6-12 weeks) but after that we'd have to work on aligning the upper teeth with the lower ones since they need to be pushed out.
sigh...
I guess I still have 6 more months left :( 
t has been three weeks since I last wrote and a few things have happened.
I have been pretty busy so I haven't had a chance to write any updates but here they are:
1) Mouthwash: I got myself a mouthwash, recommended by my heigenist, ACT.
I must say that after I used it I was pleasantly surprised it did not numb my tongue like Listerine.
This means that I would not have the urge to rinse my tongue right after using my mouthwash.
So far, I think it is ok.
I actually don't have that many problem so I can't tell the difference but I'll know on my next visit to the dentist and they say my cavities are gone!
2) Rubberbands: Just a few days ago I did something I probably shouldn't have.
So, I was feeling a bit upset as I felt that there wasn't much progress on my teeth since my last ortho visit.
I felt like the gap between my teeth (on my upper left side - see pictures) wasn't closing up.
I then decided to play Dr. on myself.
I added an extra rubberband on the top - hooking my molar to the upper metalic hook and slept on that for 8 hours.
The next morning I didn't really feel much of anything.
No pain, no discomfort.
I then figured I need more pulling power so after brushing my teeth I replaced that rubber band with a new one and added an extra one that goes across from the molar to the lower hook.
In the end I had 2 extra rubberbands and that did some magic.
I left that on for about 8 hours, replacing it during lunch time.
I think it really did something but I took it off because I was under if it would mess up my other teeth.
3) Time!
I think it is almost time to get my braces off but I am not keeping my hopes up until I see that gap closed.
They originally gave me an estimate of 22-24 months which translates to 95-104 weeks.
Which means I have 7-22 weeks left.
I doubt they will be off in 7 weeks but let's hope they are off in less than 22 weeks but I do want them off before June!!!!
My next ortho appointment is tomorrow!
Yesterday was a really weird day.
I had to replace my rubberbands because they kept snapping from stretching my jaw.
I am not sure if I just opened my mouth wider than normal or the bands I picked were defective.
I have also started to pick up a bad habit of trying to loosen my teeth manually (in hopes of speeding up the process).
I have not heard anybody else doing this but I am really wanting to get my braces off as soon as possible and though maybe if I loosened my teeth, give them a little nudge, they will move faster :D.
Definitely makes sense I know if the teeth move too fast, it is bad for your gums so try to avoid doing this if you can.
Lastly, today I have been experiencing some slight toothache on my molar - the one with a rubber band attached.
Hopefully it is due to imminent movement and not a cavity.
I'll be taking pictures this weekend as I don't feel much as changed but maybe a picture will tell me otherwise.
I showed up on a Monday at 9am - the new usual time for my appointment.
After checking in with the front desk I went ahead and sat on the chair.
The orthodontist made a quick check and saw progress - which was pretty obvious as you can see from my pictures.
He said everything looked really good and asked me, "How often are your wearing your rubber bands?"
So I said, "All the time.
I change them after lunch and after dinner."
Although in reality I also change them before bed and after getting up in the morning because I take them off when I brush my teeth.
Anyways, he said I have been wearing it really well and I will only have to wear it on the left side (the one with the gap in the upper left side).
The assistant then took off the wires and let me brush my teeth.
I was really glad I did.
My breath stank!!!!!
It felt great to be able to brush my teeth although I knew it wouldn't take long for there to be residues in my brackets again.
I got back from brushing my teeth and the orthodontist adjusted one of my wires.
I think they were the lower one but I am not 100% sure.
However, I then realized, they actually keep reusing the wire.
I guess when he said a while back that these are the last wires I will use, he really meant it.
LOL.
My wires were put back on and 4 non-changeable elastics were put in place (same as last time).
Also, my power chain was taken out as it already closed the gap with the front teeth.
That was it!
In summary, I my lower wire was slightly adjusted, my power chain was taken off and I was asked to wear only one rubber band.
There was almost no pain later in the day.
My molars were a bit sore but that lasted one night.
I think the gap is closing though and I didn't really bring my concern about my front teeth being too far out.
Next appointment will be on March 7th.
It has been a great 6 weeks, I'd say.
As usual, the first week is where most of the changes can be seen.
The biggest change this time was the gap closing up.
There is still maybe an eighth of an inch left to close up but hopefully the ortho will give me a stronger rubber band to pull my teeth in.
Tomorrow is my ortho appointment #XX.
I am sure he will say everything is looking good (expected) but I am hoping he will say, "We are ahead of schedule!" which I highly doubt will happen.
There are a few concerns I still have though:
1) Upper left teeth still need to come out more
2) Lower teeth are not level
3) Upper 2 front teeth seem to be too far out
I had my teeth cleaning a couple of days ago and it was definitely bloody... again.
2.5 more weeks until my next ortho appointment.
I see good progress so far.
I'll post pictures in a week or two.
I got a reminder call and just remembered I have my cleaning appointment tomorrow!
It is going to be bad, I can tell.
I have too many rubberbands and I also didn't follow the instructions of massaging my gums
Happy New Year to all!
The past few weeks were great - full of happiness and food, especially food and sweets.
I was out of town for a week and I totally pigged out.
I must say, I was also not very good with brushing or changing my rubber bands.
However, I did flossed every night.
Hopefully all of this won't hurt my teeth or gums.
I probably should have watched what I ate and cut down on the cookies and sweets but I really couldn't help it.
Being away from home actually messes up your schedule.
You are in a foreign place, maybe at the mall all day and you can't brush or change your rubber bands have they have snapped.
I haven't taken any pictures but just by looking at my teeth in the mirror I can see the big gap I had is closing a little bit.
Also, I am looking forward to June when they should technically be coming off but I think it will be most likely in August.
Regardless, they will come off this year!
Pain lasted 1 day longer than normal but the latter days of pain was actually pleasurable.
It is actually already the 4th day and I still feel a very slight pain and I can't eat anything too hard yet.
What has happened so far?
I can feel that my front teeth have come back a tiny bit because I can touch a little bit with my lower teeth.
I also think that my lower teeth shifted a tiny bit back to the left undoing some of the work the rubber bands did in the last 6weeks.
I also really hope my gap is closing and continues to close.
6 more months is all I can take with braces.
These pictures were taken the day after my ortho appointment.
They were taking without the rubber bands.
I just got back from my ortho appointment and decided to give a quick update.
I just realized I did not write or post pictures since my last ortho appointment 6 weeks ago but it has been really busy for me lately :(.
Sorry!!!
Here is my quick update of what was done to me today:
1) New wires on upper teeth again (went back to the strongest wire with the little hooks)
2) New side rubber bands (the ones I don't replace daily) on the bottom right and left side
3) No more spring on my upper left side (they are trying to close that big hole)
4) New side rubber bands (the ones I don't replace daily) on the top right and left side
5) New daily bands on left and right side.
6) New power chain on front teeth to close small gaps
These are all pretty vague but I will update later this week with pictures.
I sense a really painful day today and tomorrow with all of these changes.
I kind of lost track of how many ortho appointments I've had so far.
It would be kind of cool to compare my treatment period to that stated on the Damon Braces website.
My 30 minute visit, which usually only lasts for 15 minutes turned out to be a 40 minute visit this time around.
After I got in my wires were taken off and I was asked if I wanted to brush my teeth.
At that point in time, I really did.
I am sure there were a lot of left over food particles stuck inside the brackets as I smelled a bad smell when the wires were taken out.
Here are the things that were done afterward:
1) Wires taken out: Pretty standard at this point to make adjustments although in my last appointment the ortho said these were my last set of wires which probably means these are the strongest ones they have or use.
2) Upper left incisor had the bracket readjusted: Yup, I knew the bracket was not positioned right.
I actually think it could still use more adjusting but we will see where it stands after 6 weeks.
3) Lower incisors were filed: I was frankly scared when he was filing in between my teeth.
I was afraid he would it my gums and I'd be bleeding to death.
But apparently this was to help bring my front teeth back a little so that there would be a less of an overbite with the upper teeth.
This seems to have worked as my lower front teeth moved back immediately with the rubber bands
4) Stepped back and go a new archwire on the top: As my incisor bracket was readjusted, I got an older wire.
This wire is probably not as stiff as the last wire.
It also doesn't have the little hooks.
5) Lower archwire was manually re-adjusted: It it is pretty interesting how the orthodontist will reuse the same wire but will bend it however they want so that the teeth move accordingly.
In my case, my ortho bent both sides of the lower wire in a "steps" shape.
This will probably help level out my molars (as I mentioned before one of them seemed to be higher than the others).
6) No change with rubberbands: I was asked to continue to use the rubber bands
My next appointment is going to be in 6 weeks.
As you might have noticed, the time between appointments is shortening.
I think I started off with 10 weeks, then 8 weeks, then 7 weeks and now it is down to 6 weeks.
In a couple of days I'll be going back to the ortho for my next appointment.
It has been a long journey with my braces and I wanted to summarize it below.
1) Lower left teeth used to be leaning inwards
2) Upper left teeth used to be leaning inwards
3) Teeth weren't all level
4) Teeth were not centered
5) Front teeth were right on top of each other
Much progress has been made so far.
I think I am almost there!!
The only really noticeable difference is that I have a crooked smile.
Sounds weird but it is because I still have a cross bite on my left side which makes my left teeth seem higher than those on my right.
This week is already week 61 which is equivalent to 14 months (8 months more to go).
The past few weeks have been pretty good so far.
There were a couple of days I totally forgot to wear my rubber bands.
I did freak a little but whatever.
It probably wasn't good that I forgot, but I am sure it doesn't mean that all the work done in previous days was wasted.
The pictures for this week are a little blurry so just look at them in their thumbnail size.
Progress: if you compare my current pictures to the last ones I posted you will most definitely see that my underbite is pretty much gone!!!! My front teeth are definitely in front of my lower teeth.
they are no longer right on top of each other.
However, my upper left teeth still need to move out further.
They seem to be really stubborn!
I can't believe it has been 2 weeks since my last ortho appointment.
I was just asking myself this weekend when I had my rubberbands put on and I really thought it was just last Tuesday but I checked my calendar today and it has been 2 weeks!
I guess time flies when you are used to something.
LOL.
Nothing much has happened.
I do feel a very very slight tension whenever I have my rubber band on but that is really negligible.
I have gotten used to it and sometimes I forget I have it on!
Yesterday, I totally forgot to put a new rubber band after brushing my teeth in the morning and went off to work without any supply :(.
I didn't realize it was missing until 2 hours later!
So I spent the entire day without rubber bands.
Hopefully, this won't set back any type of progress made.
Also, I am supposed to replace them whenever I brush my teeth.
But technically, I don't brush my teeth after every meal because I am lazy so I don't know if this will affect my progress.
So, I think I'll just replace them after every meal or at least 3 times a day.
5 more weeks before my next ortho appointment!
It has been 24 hours since my ortho appointment and I am feeling very irritated.
I woke up this morning and took off the band to brush my teeth.
I replaced it with a new one and then had breakfast without taking the band out (which is ok to do I think).
My lower front teeth feel like they are teething.
It hurts a little, it itches and it is uncomfortable.
In addition to that my bite has changed.
If I slowly bite down, I can feel that my molars on the right side don't sit well against each other.
Maybe this is a good sign of moving teeth but it feels awkward.
Actually, I do see that my upper and lower teeth are a millimeter more aligned.
:D
Let's wait and see.
oday was my ortho appointment.
Hurray!
The good news is that now it seems like my appointments are every 7 weeks and not every 8 weeks anymore - at least for the next one, it will be in 7 weeks and so was the previous one.
A lot of things happened today.
1) New archwire - my lower teeth got new wires.
My ortho said these would be my final wires for my lower teeth.
I had already gotten my final wires for my upper teeth.
Now both my upper and lower teeth have wires with extra antennae for rubber bands (as I discovered today)
2) Adjusted archwire - my upper teeth are still not opening up.
The left side needs to wide out to be where it should be.
These were also my last wires.
So what did the ortho do?
Did I get new wires?
Nope, he took them out and with pliers he twisted the left side to be a wider arc.
LOL.
That was just funny.
3) New rubber bands - I got a total of 3 rubber bands. 2 of them are simmetrical - one on each side of the lower teeth.
These are, as you can see in the pictures, to bring my teeth closer together.
I think it is also bringing my lower teeth back a bit.
These I do not have to change and will stay there until my next appointment.
I can see a lot of food getting stuck in the near future.
The 3rd rubber band is going from my 1st molar on the upper right to the antenna on the lower right.
This band is supposed to help shift my lower teeth so that the upper and lower teeth are centered.
It has another function too but I forgot :D.
The annoying part is that I have to take it off to eat and brush and replace it with a new one every time.
I also got a little tool to put it on.
I also felt a little embarrassed today because as the assistant took off the old archwire I could smell something coming out of my mouth probably from dirty stuff stuck inside the brackets (not my fault!).
I took these pictures last week so I am calling this entry 'Week 52.' Wow, it has almost been a year.
I think tomorrow will be my 1 year anniversary with the Damon Braces.
From the pictures, I think there is a slight improvement on my upper left side.
It is probably minimal, but I think the improvement is there!
The next couple of days following the change of archwires were abnormal.
Why? Basically I wasn't in much pain.
First of all, even though my lower teeth got a new set of wires, I did not feel any pain.
Does that mean my lower teeth are done moving?
Are they in the position they should be?
Are they too old and stiff that the wires can't move them anymore?
Truth is, I don't really care as I think they are perfect the way they are now (except for a small gap that needs to be fixed with some power chain or bands).
My upper teeth experienced something different.
Only my 3rd molar on my left side was painful.
The remainder of my upper teeth did not feet a change!
After 2 days it felt like it was back to normal.
Hopefully this is a good sign!
This morning I woke up and had a funny sensation in my mouth.
I felt that my bite was actually perfect but when I looked in the mirror I noticed it still needs some fixing :(.
Maybe the power of the mind will make them move faster.
LOL.
That's it for now.
