This has been one hell of a week here on the east coast; wrought with unnerving tension and worry.
Truly, I’m emotionally exhausted because I spent the last four days deeply concerned about the people in my life (many of whom are bloggers) and trying to contact them through emails, phone calls and their blogs, just to see if they were okay.
Also, my own family worried about me and called several times a day to find out if I was safe.
There are three blogger friends of mine who I’ve still not been able to contact, one of whom lives in Brooklyn, NY, which is practically underwater.
As I’m sure you’ve heard, the east coast of the U.S. (particularly NY and New Jersey) were hit hard on Monday by Hurricane Sandy; losing not only power but lives as well.
The aftermath of Sandy has been devastating.
I sat here all day Monday watching the Weather Channel online, as the culmination of a hurricane and nor’easter chewed up and spit out everything in its path.
Having lived in Florida for 20 years, I’ve been through four hurricanes, but none of them made me as uneasy as Sandy.
You have no idea how utterly blessed I feel to have not been directly affected by this hurricane because at one point as I watched the radar report on TV, it appeared to be heading DIRECTLY into Pennsylvania.
We experienced severe, icy cold winds and some rain from about 2 PM on Monday, until 10 PM that night.
And because I am on a high-upper floor, the wind was blowing so hard against my windows, they shook.
Luckily we never lost electrical power, but I’m amazed that we didn’t.
There are many things I learned from this experience.
It’s an odd feeling being cooped up inside by yourself, not able to go anywhere for over 24 hours because it forces you to focus on the moments at hand; realizing you have no control over a situation, so you just have to be still and wait it out.
As you know, I believe in the power of Universal energy (or call it prayer if you wish) and that it can be used to help not only ourselves, but others as well.
I spent several hours throughout Monday, sending positive energy to those who were being severely affected by this hurricane in faith that it would do some good.
Also, I became acutely aware of how UNaware I take so many things for granted.
I wonder why it takes something like Hurricane Sandy to snap you into consciousness of the many things in your life to be grateful for?
And not only things like a roof over our head, electricity, running water, Internet and telephone service, but more so that we have family, friendships, good health, and are safe and alive.
I think because of what I’m experiencing with my beloved mother right now, in addition to Hurricane Sandy, I’ve been even more sensitive to gratitude.
We live in a world that relies so much on technology, that whenever it’s taken away it makes us feel extremely vulnerable because it seems as though we’ve lost everything.
Yet, it’s ironic how in feeling vulnerable it brings us closer together in human contact because we see how much we need one another for support.
It changes our whole perspective on things.
Tuesday, as I walked around the deserted city of Philadelphia, watching shop owners and residents repairing the damage from Sandy, it hit me like a ton of bricks.
Gratitude.
I ask through this post, that you each share energy, prayer, positive thoughts, and love with those who have been seriously affected by this hurricane because it’s going to take weeks and possibly months for these people to repair.
And please take a moment to reflect on all the things in your life to be grateful for.
Today I wanted to give you guys and gals an update on what’s going on with my mother.
Do you remember me saying in my post back in June after my mother got a clean bill of health, that she was going to get a checkup by her oncologist every three months to see if she was still clean?
Well, mid-September, we discovered that her cancer had returned.
A few weeks before she went in for her PET scan, my mother told me that she felt like it was back because she could sense something going on within her body.
Her breathing was labored, she had aches and pains, and she was tired all the time.
Also, her mind was unable to think clearly.
Overall, she just didn’t feel right.
During her consultation, my mother’s doctor advised her not to take chemo this time because it would only weaken her body; giving her less-quality of life.
She agreed.
Currently she is at home with hospice care, keeping her comfortable and seeing that all her needs are met.
Gratefully she is not currently experiencing pain, so hasn't needed much in the way of pain control medication.
She is still able to care for herself in many ways and has not become totally dependent on hospice, other than a nurse visiting her twice a week to see how she’s doing.
Down the road, when the time comes for her to require more care, she will either move into a hospice facility (the one in which my father was at) or have hospice at home 24/7.
Amazingly enough, she is able to go out with her girlfriends occasionally for lunch or dinner, and has even gone to the casinos in the evening for a little gambling (which she ADORES).
She has a tremendous amount of love, care and support around her right now in the way of my brother, family, and friends.
She and I talk twice a day on the phone.
She has good days, and not-so-good days.
She has apprehensive moments, and then moments when she just goes with the flow and embraces what is to be.
Right now we are taking each day as it comes; accepting what is in front of us.
We speak opening and honestly about the reality of what is happening, as we walk through this journey together.
We grieve, and yes, we even share many moments of laughter.
My mother was born with a very strong spirit, a spirit that has gotten her through many a tough time.
A spirit, I know, which will guide her through this transition because of her unshakable faith.
There is a great lesson in knowing that death is staring you straight in the face, and realizing that someone you love has limited time on the earth.
It makes you stare straight back at it, not allowing the sorrow to override the now moments of joy; knowing that the love we share will never die.
The wonderful thing about photography is that the photographer has the freedom to present a photo as he/she sees the image; which includes things like, perspective, composition, and cropping.
You view the image THROUGH the photographer’s eye.
I’m a big nighttime person.
And the cool thing about living in a city is that once the sun goes down, the sky becomes a black velvet backdrop for beautiful shades of amber; creating almost a ‘fiery’ glow through which all other city lights project.
Lately, I’ve been experimenting with the settings on my camera instead of using it in auto mode, so that I have more self-control.
As you know, nighttime shots are a challenge because there is such a drastic contrast between light and dark.
You don’t always want to use a flash, but at the same time you also need to allow for enough exposure, so that you can capture the drama of nightlight.
Here are some photographs I took over the past two weeks of my favorite time of the day.
Since I only have a TV and not cable service, all I can say is…thank god for the Internet and You Tube.
Last week during the hurricane, I spent hours watching episodes of my all-time favorite TV show, The Golden Girls.
To be honest, I’ve never been much of a TV person.
The only time I was ever interested was back in ‘80s and ‘90s when the medium of television produced QUALITY shows.
Practically everything on TV now is a reality show and quite frankly, I can watch reality every day of the week by just walking out my front door and experiencing life.
For me, television and movies should be a means of taking a break from reality and being entertained, or provoked to think and feel.
With having computers nowadays, you really don’t need a TV because anything you want to watch (movies, television shows, documentaries, news) can be found online.
So why even have a television?
My computer screen is actually bigger than my TV screen, so it makes viewing things all the better.
Anyway, getting back to the show.
During the '80s, I don’t think there was a sitcom more superbly executed than The Golden Girls.
Okay, perhaps Designing Women too.
The '80s was a decade when TV shows were bringing women to the forefront; showing them as independent and strong.
Not only was The Golden Girls brilliantly written, but the four actresses who portrayed Dorothy, Blanche, Rose and Sophia, were stellar!
You can always tell when a TV show is outstanding because you can watch the show 10-15 years later…and it still has the same effect when you watched it for the first time.
Because the situation comedy is timeless.
About four years ago, I shared a post with you confessing how I would swipe a stack of napkins from Starbucks whenever I made a purchase from one of their cafes.
And I’m not talking about 5 or 6 napkins, no, I’m talking a STACK of 10 to 15.
Well guess what?
I’m still doing it.
However back then I called it STEALING, now I call it KIDNAPKINING.
And considering how many times a week I patronize Starbucks, I haven’t had to purchase a napkin in over FOUR years.
I’ve got so many napkins stocked up that I could sew them all together and make a quilt the size of China!
Sometimes I have so many napkins in my kitchen cabinet, that when I open the door, I'm hit in the face with an avalanche of Starbucks napkins.
But I truly don’t feel the slightest bit guilty about this, and do you know why?
Because if you add up all the cups of coffee I purchased from Starbucks over the past four years, it comes to a grand total of $36,383.20.
*And that's not even including all the baked goods I've purchased.
So do you know what?
I consider my napkins a GIFT WITH PURCHASE.
And the funny thing about this is that I now have other people kidnapping napkins for me whenever they go into a Starbucks too.
Yes, I've become a napkin PIMP.
Like yesterday.
I went into Starbucks during my break at work with three of my fellow-employees, and as we were leaving the café they each handed me a stack of napkins and said, “Here you go Ron, add these to your collection.”
I replied, “Listen, could you also go into the restroom and grab a few rolls of toilet paper for me, because I’m getting kinda low.”
So remember everyone, if you ever find yourself kidnapkining  from Starbucks, don’t feel guilty because it’s a well-deserved...
I was raised in a family that really got into celebrating the holidays.
And I when I say really….I mean REALLY.
Both my mother and father were the type of parents who experienced the holidays through their children, therefore they had a way of making everything extra-special for us so that they could enjoy it through our eyes.
Whether it was Christmas, Thanksgiving, Easter or Halloween, our home looked like a window display at New York City’s, Macy’s Department Store.
I can even remember my parents celebrating President George Washington’s birthday by giving each one of us kids a cardboard hatchet that was filled with hard candy cherries, representing when George (as a young boy) chopped down a cherry tree, exclaiming, “I cannot tell a lie, father, you know I cannot tell a lie.
I did cut it with my little hatchet.”
Um….now that I think of it, I bet my parents gave us those little hatchets as a reminder NEVER TO LIE TO THEM.
Very clever they were!
All kidding aside though, I feel so utterly blessed to have the parents I did growing up because whenever I look back, I see my family life as one of great joy and celebration.
I know there are many people who are not into Halloween, but I certainly am.
And the reason being is that it still makes me smile like a kid.
Over the past few weeks, I took my camera around the city and snapped photographs of one of my favorite holidays….Halloween!
Please enjoy...
I few days ago, I got into the elevator of my apartment building and saw this on the floor….
Doesn’t it look almost REAL??? Spiders FREAK me the HELL out.
Have you ever heard a 57-year old man scream like a SISSY MARY?
Well if you haven’t you would, had you been in the elevator with me that night.
Isn’t this hilarious?
It’s a witch who obviously had a collision with the side of this building while flying on her broom.
She was as flat as a pancake.I discovered this Dracula bat hanging upside down on the side of a house, located down one of those quaint narrow side streets that Philadelphia is famous for.
Okay, I wish you could have seen my excited reaction when I opened the package that my blogging buddy, Chrissy, mailed me this past weekend.
You would have thought I had just discovered the secret to no more wrinkles without Botox.
I was utterly ecstatic!
Thank you, Chrissy...x
As most of you peeps already know, I ADORE squirrels.
Yeah, yeah…I know they can be devilish, pushy, somewhat disruptive, and very aggressive when it comes to stealing food from the birds, but hey…what does that tell you about me?
I’m devilish, pushy, somewhat disruptive, and aggressive when I’m HUNGRY too.
Anyway, all my life I’ve wanted TWO things.
Now thanks to Peg and Chrissy…I have BOTH!
Allow me to introduce you to my new pet squirrel…Charles.
Isn’t he ADORABLE?
And the cool thing about Charles is that he came with his own constant food supply.
If you look real close, you can see that he’s eating one of my favorite foods…an APPLE!
Sunday we spent the day in the park; hanging out...
As soon as we got there, Charles tried to climb this tree.
But alas, he couldn't...because he suddenly realized that his nails were made of cardboard.
We discovered a baby pumpkin on the ground, so Charles begged me to take a photo of him posing by it.
All the other squirrels in the park ran away when they saw Charles.
Personally, I think it was because his exceedingly handsome looks intimidated them.
Either that, or they were FREAKED seeing a grown man in the park taking photos of a cardboard cutout of a squirrel.
After a long day running around within nature, Charles was dang tired.
Here he is just after I tucked him into bed at 7 PM.
Isn't he cute?
Wherever you live, I’m sure you’ve witnessed how much the price of food as escalated this past year.
Every time I walk into a grocery store, I find myself wide-eyed and muttering out loud, “Holy shit.…can the price of food get ANY higher???”
I honestly don’t know how people with families manage.
It’s getting to the point where it’s cheaper to actually dine out, than buy food and eat at home.
Personally, I shop at two stores, either Trader Joe’s or Super Fresh.
Trader Joe’s is usually more economical, but even their prices are getting high.
Super Fresh is one of those stores that I only shop when I need odds and ends, because their prices are normally WAY higher than most grocery stores.
Every once in a while I’ll catch a good sale, but most of the time for the prices I pay there, I could buy a 10 acre villa in Rome, Italy!
A few days ago, I popped into Super Fresh to grab a few things because I was walking around that area of the city.
As you all know, I love apples more than my own life, so I picked up THREE to get me through a few days, but didn’t notice the sign which displayed a ‘weight price’ rather than a ‘single price’ for each apple.
I will ALWAYS check my receipt before leaving the store because Super Fresh is notorious for NOT ringing the sale price at the cash register.
I can’t tell you how many times I’ve discovered mistakes.
After checking my receipt, which was correct by the way, my eyes suddenly noticed one of the most expensive items…
$4.28 for THREE apples?!?!?
I remember a time when I could buy a whole BAG of apples for $2.95.
I also remember a time when a five-stick pack of Wrigley chewing gum was 35 cents.
But rather than return the apples and use the money for a down payment on a Rolls Royce, I decided to keep the fruit and enjoy them, because for $4.28 they must be GREAT-tasting apples, right?
Yet, how did these three apples taste?
Well, I’ll show you…..
Sometimes I’m referred to as a “people snob.”
Yet, I honestly don’t feel I’m a snob, but rather someone who selects my close association with people very consciously.
My close friends come from various educational and work backgrounds, cultures, spiritual beliefs and sexual orientations.
I enjoy being around people who are different than me because it makes our friendships interesting.
I don’t need or expect others to be EXACTLY like me in order to have them as friends.
However, there are certain things I most definitely look out for in a friendship.
*People who are perpetually negative.
I realize that we all go through negative and challenging times in our lives, but I’m talking about those people who seem to thrive on being negative; who only wish to focus on what’s wrong and not right.
People who are not afraid to take chances, grow and move forward, because they inspire me to do the same.
People who mutually support and celebrate one another’s aspirations and accomplishments; without jealousy.
I love associating with people who are more experienced at things because I become inspired by their talents and LEARN.
I can sincerely say that I’m not a person who has ever been jealous of anyone.
Jealousy is one of the most debilitating energies because it’s like a poison that eats away at you.
People who I admire for their outlook on life and trust their opinions; coming from a positive attitude.
I am very careful about who I ask advice.
Very.
As most you know, I am quite sensitive when it comes to feeling energy; therefore I can almost immediately sense someone.
A good gauge for me is whether I feel energized or tired being around someone.
If I feel drained, then I intuitively know this is not an individual I want to be closely associated with.
I also watch how people treat other people, because they will often show their true colors to a stranger, rather than the person they’re trying to impress.
Truthfully, I would rather have two or three close personal friends, than twenty.
Yes, I’m very conscious about the company I keep, because…
Okay, I’m wondering if any of you caught the mistake I made in my previous post and were just being polite by not mentioning it because it was my birthday, but were thinking, “Poor man.…I
don’t have the heart to tell him he can’t subtract.”
Tuesday night my brother Tom called to wish me a Happy Birthday, when I heard my mother’s voice in background, “Happy Birthday, Ronnie!
How old are you now, 57?”
I told my brother to tell my mother, “No, I’m 58 today.”
And then no sooner did I say that, something made me stop dead in my tracks.
It was like a light bulb clicked on in my head.
Bewilderedly I said to my brother, “Um…Tom, I’m 58, right?”
Tom immediately started calculating the year I was born (1955) by subtracting it from 2012 in his head.
In the meantime, I took out my calculator and began doing the math.
Simultaneously my brother and I shouted, “No, I’m/you’re not 58….you’re
57!!!”
After we laughed our asses off, I said, “Well, at least I’m a year less than what I thought I was.”
Then I suddenly blurted out, “HOLY SHIT…..I TOLD EVERYONE ON MY BLOG THAT I WAS 58 YEARS OLD ON TUESDAY.
I LIED!!!!!!!!!”
Well, I didn’t really LIE, I just can’t SUBTRACT.
See, this is another thing that happens when you age.
You lose your ability to THINK.
So forgive me everyone.
Back in July when I was visiting my family in Florida, a good of friend of my mother’s gave me a small skincare sample of a facial buffing cream from the company, Sisley.
Sisley is one of the most expensive skincare companies on the market, so I could never afford to purchase their products unless I started turning tricks down on the street corner.
