So this weekend I saw some old friends, Alicia and Scott: friends who I love, friends who I’ve been there for in the past in that casual way where you pick them up or drop them off at the airport and who’ve been there for me more recently in a profound way where someone rescues you from completely bottoming out when your life collapses around you.
I was hanging out with them and their extended family and watching little nieces and nephews play and once again I was reminded what a family is supposed to be like.
Not that they don’t annoy each other and push each other’s buttons and provoke strong reactions; rather that they want to be part of each other’s lives, and they care.
I had a similar experience over Christmas this past year, when my friend Chris invited me to his extended family’s get together.
That’s family writ large: a dozen adults or more and probably as many kids, all in the grandparent’s house, eating and laughing and teasing and having a good time.
It was awesome and alien all at once.
I get the same feeling when I’m at Jason and Mary’s with their kids and their dog.
I get the same feeling at Andy and Shannon’s with the twins and Jackie boy.
Yesterday, between having lunch with Alicia and Scott and going back to their parent’s place in MV to hang out, I swung by my old house, my mother’s house, the house where I spent 26 years, four fifths of which was just Mom and me.
It was clear that the buyer was a flipper — someone who buys a ‘distressed’ or simply poorly-maintained property and fixes it up and then re-sells at a profit.
Everything was new.
New door, new windows, new coat of paint.
The tree in the front yard was gone, the bushes were gone, replaced by a flower garden.
No for sale sign, but windows still had labels hanging visible within, probably describing their energy-saver qualities.
No car in the driveway.
Either it hasn’t been re-listed yet, or has just been sold and the new owners just aren’t living there yet.
I wanted to get out of the car and get a closer look, and clearly nobody was home, but I decided that that me being who I am, that act of simple curiosity could be misinterpreted.
So I drove off, went to meet back up with my friends.
I probably won’t ever go back to the old place.
It’s not my house anymore.
I guess in a lot of people’s opinions, it never was.
I’d just be looking at it from the outside, anyway.
I’m sitting in Berkeley Springs, W. Va — America’s first spa — and using free park wifi about twenty feet from ‘George Washington’s Bathtub’, which is basically a hole in the ground lined with rock and full of crystal clear spring water.
I drove myself here in my own car, I ate a roast beef panini for lunch at a local coffee house, I have a paying gig in exactly two hours, I’m sitting in the shade, there’s a cool breeze, and it occurred to me that this is probably the nicest my life has been in at least a year.
Last time we played out here I rode with the band and we stayed over: it was loud in the room and I couldn’t sleep.
I remember going down to the lobby early to catch some wifi, and writing a drabble about dew-covered zombies.
The car: a 93 Saturn.
It belonged to the grandmother of one of my good friends, who (the friend) arranged for me to acquire it when it was replaced.
I get to pay back the expense eventually as I am able.
After being carless for a year — dependent on others to get to gigs, only seeing friends when I can get them to take me to the grocery store — the ability to actually get out of the house, to work, to see people, is one of those ‘you don’t know what you’ve got until it’s gone’ things.
The room: I’m going to have to move again, this time because my roomate — under whose name is the lease — has been asked to vacate, likely because the house is being sold out from under her.
We’re currently looking for something else with the same basic arrangement before the end of August.
What else?
Writing a lot.
I’ve started using prompts from other sites.
It’s fun, and it’s driving traffic to my site.
Haven’t started the novel yet, but soon.
Trying to get a bunch of side projects out of the way first.
Fathers’ Day and Igor Stravinsky’s birthday being on the same day just gobsmacked me.
Was listening to the Rite of Spring (because it’s Stravinsky’s birthday) and had the strongest memory of being in the car with my Dad, and the Rite — which I had never heard before — coming on the radio.
This is maybe my Junior year of High School.
He had picked me up from school, probably after band practice, and had the local classical station on.
I was ensorcelled… I’d never heard anything like it.
We got home before it was over, and I made him leave me in the car with the keys so I wouldn’t miss the ending.
It’s one of two great memories of being in the car with my Dad, associated with music.
« Flash III available
A Little Diagram »
Is There Life On Mars?*
March 25, 2012 by agincourtdb
Apparently there’s probably water.
Every so often someone releases some new data or picture that makes it just a little more likely that there is — at least occasionally — running water on Mars.
I used to say to people, when the subject of the space program came up and someone wondered who would want to make that very long (at low-energy-transfer-orbit speeds) trip, that I would go.
I would go in a hot minute, even if it meant going and staying, not coming back.
That’s never been more true now.
Mars, Ohio, Timbuktu… Jane, get me off this crazy thing.
Anyway, tomorrow I have an appointment with Health and Human Services.
I’ve qualified for a very small amount of public assistance, pending tomorrow’s interview.
I’m hoping there’s some help on the issue of not having ID and not being able to get one because of owing the DMV money, because that’s a fairly significant hurdle in front of getting gainful employment.
Not to mention, being able to lawfully drive, if by some miracle I got access to a car.
One seemingly insurmountable obstacle at a time, David.
Keep your fingers crossed that the interview tomorrow goes well, because I need somebody to throw a rope down into this hole, and considering I don’t really have any family to help, it’s looking like the scary ol’ gummint, or nobody.
I’ve started walking.
Originally I had pulled my dad’s old bike (older than I am) out of the basement and gave it a whirl, but my knees doth protest too much, so walking it is.
I did 3 miles the first day, because I was out of milk.
Walked over to the Village Mall… no chest pains, and my legs did OK.
My feet are still eyeing me reproachfully at every opportunity, though.
I think they may get a restraining order.
Each day since I’ve been more conservative and done just one mile, around the neighborhood here, listening to podcasts as I go.
I make a mile in about a half hour, keeping up a good pace the whole time.
I’m fairly surprised at how little I’ve fallen over and died so far.
An old friend from high school dropped by and gave me a backpack, which will make walking trips to the store easier, if and when I can actually afford to go to the store.
So if you’re reading this, thank you again!
Friday, my friend Andy (the drummer for the Players) took me to the DC Improv to see a comedian named Pablo Francisco.
Who, as it turned out, is not really my cup of tea.
I’m more a Patton and Zach and Sarah and Tig sort of guy.
But it was great seeing Andy and my partner-in-crime Erika and her nuptually intended, Paul (a couple who I’ll put in perspective thusly: one Halloween they went as the witch and hunter, respectively, from L4D.)
It was a great time.
Then, went and saw the Charlie Brown musical Saturday at the Olney Theater.
Really nice seeing (some of) the gang, especially the awesome interns, the Maestro, and Princess Cashmere.
Also met for the first time the lovely wife of a guy I went to high school with.
All in all, a treat.
Also, I actually wrote something.
I fired up the sticky-note app in Windows 7. That’s where I write down story ideas, and one of them actually jumped out at me and said, “ooh, me! me!”
I didn’t even remember having the idea.
I liked it, though, and I wrote it in one sitting, and posted it Friday.
It’s called Equilibrium, and it’s about a couple who wakes up the morning after the world was supposed to end and wonder what they’re supposed to do now.
So, the walking, and the getting out of the house, and actually writing something, and the possibility of some meaningful assistance with my situation, has all combined to vastly improve my mood.
Let’s hope some other disaster doesn’t appear, as they have seemed to always do when I get a little bit ahead.
I’ve been trying to decide over the past several days whether I wanted to write a blog post about this, but I think I kind of have to since everything else in my life is, in practical terms, affected by it.
My mother (80) has been diagnosed with dementia, and is currently in a facility specializing in treating dementia patients.
She’d been failing to pay bills even though she had the money, wasn’t taking care of herself physically, and was having problems remembering things.
It’s come on by inches over years.
I had assumed until recently it was just her getting old, that her mental lapses were just because she’s inactive, unchallenged.
My sister came down from Mass and this past Thursday took her to see a social worker, who had her see a nurse, who put her in the facility for evaluation.
I don’t know if she’ll ever be coming home.
The first doctor’s evaluation recommended her being placed somewhere where there’s staff trained to deal with someone in her condition.
I haven’t talked to her since Friday, though my sister has.
I don’t know what I’d say.
She called me to beg me to come pick her up and take her home, and of course I couldn’t do that even if I wanted to: she’s a ward of the state.
They told us not to visit until after the doctors were done evaluating her because it would make it harder.
So I get to feel guilty about that, too.
So I’ve been cleaning… it’s been therapeutic.
Certain rooms of the house — the dining room, her upstairs computer room, and her bedroom — had gotten significantly hoarder-ey.
I’ve managed to clean the dining and computer rooms.
The number of bags of trash and recyclables I’ve taken out already amazed even me.
The amount of dust I’ve inhaled in the past 3 days would stop a team of horses.
The bedroom is going to be a week-long project.
It’s going to be mostly magazines and books and clothes, but I think I’m going to need to rent/buy a new vacuum to deal with the dust.
My sister, who has been dealing with the legal/medical stuff while I clean, is going back to Mass Wednesday night for Thanksgiving, she has a job and a toddler and other responsibilities.
Coming back in a couple weeks probably.
I’ll be alone in the interim.
I’m not going to go into how all this dovetails with my own life situation, which is profoundly bad also, because I really just need not to think about it, in order to stay functioning and do for my mother what needs to be done day-to-day.
I probably started drinking the stuff habitually when I was 15 or 16.
By senior year I was walking up the street (South Summit Ave in Gaithersburg) from the High School to the Pop Shoppe (remember that place?) to get a six-pack of the stuff every day at lunch (seniors had open lunch).
I know for a fact that there were days  in my college years where I drank a 12-pack in a day.
At the very least I drank 4 to 6 of them a day.
Which no doubt contributed to my enviable physique.
That was sarcasm.
So I’d had a cough for three months.
Have no idea how I got it or what it really is (having no insurance or money or car I can’t really go to the doctor) but it’s been fairly aggressive.
About a month ago I ran out of Dew and couldn’t go to the store for about a week to get more.
I switched to iced tea and grape juice and water.
The cough started to clear up.
When I finally did get some more, the cough came back strong as ever.
So the next time I ran out, I didn’t buy any.
I was maybe going to, but I let Fishygirl — who was kind enough to take me to the grocery store in spite of having four kids to juggle — talk me out of it.
And we all know, if I wanted Mountain Dew, I would get Mountain Dew.
A can of Dew in my hand is as much a part of my persona as the dixie cup in Brodie’s hand.
One of my teachers’ kids used to call me ‘Mountain Dew Man’.
It’s been two weeks or so.
This is probably the proximate cause of my sleep weirdness the past week, because to the extent my sleep schedule is regulated, it’s done with caffeine.
(I’m an insomniac.
I can’t turn off my brain.
I tend to fall asleep only when exhausted, and in spite of myself.)
The coughing is gone completely, though.
I’m also hoping for some incidental weight loss due to the sudden lack of corn syrup in my diet.
We’ll see.
I might be a little pissy as my body adjusts, just to warn everyone: when I quit smoking, I got through the chemical part effortlessly, and I felt great for a month — and then felt like crap for a year after that.
That was mostly about weight gain, though.
I need a new vice.
Any suggestions?
Besides ‘gentleman’s time’, I mean, because I don’t consider that a vice.
So, in the past month or so, about the only good thing going on in my life is writing.
I’ve written four 1000+ stories: “The Appointment”, “Parole”, “There’s An Arrow”, and “The Attraction”.
Of the four, two (“Parole” and “There’s an Arrow”) were written to go onto the blog, and have*, whereas “The Appointment” and “The Attraction” were written to submit to online ‘zines.
So far, “The Attraction” has been submitted to and been refused by three ‘zines, and submitted to a fourth.
“The Appointment”, on the other hand, was written with a specific zine in mind, was submitted to it, and just now I got the email saying they liked it but were passing.
So I think I’m going to put that one in the queue to go up on the blog as well, rather than shop it around to different zines.
I don’t know why, maybe just because I want to make sure I have enough long-form stories to go in the book (yes, I’m doing a third “Flash”, and yes, I know no one will buy it.
I’m doing it for me.)
So far out of five total passes two of them included encouraging language, which is… well, encouraging.
I feel really good about writing right now… I feel like I’ve gotten better, and I feel like I’m developing my own style, which is good.
I’ve been making a point of fleshing out my own universes (The ‘Forsythe’ sf universe, my zombie apocalypse timeline, the sf ‘Association’ universe, and the fantasy ‘eddur’ universe of the folk and their gods) so that I can use them in more long-form stories.
I’ve also been giving a lot of thought to the Mede novel, set in the ‘Forsythe’ universe, about the titular little furry alien on Wanderjahr through a near-future America.
Fairly soon I’m going to start outlining.
And I’m not going to make the mistake of trying to do it as a NaNoWriMo novel again.
I think it’s fairly obvious that a month is not long enough *for me* to write a novel.
Anyway, that’s where I am.
Doctor Who is on tonight.
Back to working on the Choir & Orchestra mixing project.
Feeling a little better about life, even if I may be kidding myself.
Maybe kidding myself is the only way to stay on my feet.
”Parole” will go up today at 2PM.
Is to be free of this onerous obligation that’s run me into the ground.
I want to get in a car and drive and not stop until I see a ‘help wanted’ sign in some small middle-American town, like you could way back when.
I want new people in my life.
I want simple work and a steady paycheck.
I never want to play the trombone again.
I never want to deal with my family again.
I’m tired of my life being ruined by someone who no longer cares about their own.
I’m tired of being lied to and about.
All I want is a little apartment and a laptop to write on and a job I don’t have to think about or worry over when it’s done for the day.
That’s sarcasm, by the way.
I have $20 in my pocket and $12 in the bank, and both of my credit cards are about to go overdue.
There isn’t any food in the house to speak of.
I’ve eaten spaghetti four nights in a row because I had the presence of mind to stock up on spaghetti and sauce the last time I managed to get to the grocery store.
Tonight will be spaghetti night five.
When I woke up this morning that was what I was worried about and obsessing over.
So I go downstairs and my mother asks, “Have you seen Felix?
I can’t find him anywhere.”
I go looking, and find him under her bed.
Dead.
Long enough for rigor to set in but not decayed.
A day at most.
I get him out of there with plastic gloves and get him into a green plastic bag, and take him outside to rest on the porch temporarily.
Then I go back up to the computer to find out if it’s legal to bury a cat in your yard.
I find out that it isn’t.
Oscar, the other cat, meets me at the foot of the stairs.
He looks confused.
I sit down on the floor and call to him but he won’t come.
He was always the more friendly of the two, but even he only lets me pet him through the staircase banister, where he knows I would be able to pick him up and carry him off.
He won’t let me near him now.
So I don’t go to the basement and find my dad’s old spade, I don’t carry the plastic bag with Felix in it into the backyard, and I definitely don’t spend a half hour digging a a grave under a shade tree.
I most certainly don’t place the bag into the grave and fill it in, tramping it down, and marking it with a brick (because all I would have been able to find would have been a brick.)
Because that would have been illegal.
And then I positively don’t cry.
To start climbing up out of my depression regardless of the lack of change in my circumstances.
Partially because rejoining my life (already in progress in most time zones) is really the only way to begin to change my circumstances.
So far it’s working: in the last 48 hours I cleaned, did laundry, vacuumed, answered a couple long-unanswered emails, wrote a 1500-word story for submission to a contest, looked into getting re-insured so I can take over the title & registration to my mother’s car, and went to Denny’s with a (very dear) friend who is being very supportive in spite of the fact that my collapse has been very inconvenient for him.
Love that French Slam.
