I guess I either didn't remember what life with a puppy is like, or else my two experiences raising puppies happened when I was young enough not to notice, but I certainly didn't expect it to be what it is.
Nigel is a good dog.
A great dog, actually, but I'm no longer in my twenties as I was when I last lived with a baby dog.
The good news is that at just under 9 weeks old he is both crate and potty trained.
This means he goes into his crate all by himself when he's sleepy and he asks to go out when he needs to do his, well, his business.
He learns quickly; show him something once and he has it.
Of course, there are typical puppy things that try my patience, like waking me up in the morning and chewing on my hair--and my hands are a mess from scratches and nips--but these things will pass in time.
I suppose it won't be until around the 12-week mark that I'll be able to get back to my writing when the spirit moves rather than during puppy nap times.
I've never considered myself a Beatles fan.
Not in the strict sense of the word.
Yes, I had all of their albums and yes, I had their pictures on my walls (I was 12 when they came to America in 1964 and was prime material for the Beatlemania that ensued), but, as I've said many times, I never wanted to marry a Beatle, I wanted to be a Beatle.
In fact, when I went to the Beatles' concert at Dodger Stadium in August of 1966, I was pissed because I couldn't hear the music.
I mean, the sound systems were bad enough in those days, but all the screaming certainly didn't help, especially in so large a venue.
After the passage of many years I've come to recognize the role that each of the Beatles has played in my life, my focus on one of the members of the group affecting my experience in some meaningful way, or echoing whatever it was I was learning.
It wasn't until only recently that I finally came to see how key these four men have been, not as a group, but as individuals.
You'd think that with all the great things happening in my life right now I'd be soaring along, surfing the crest, riding the wave, mixing my metaphors with unbridled abandon.
The truth is, I'm growing increasingly overwhelmed.
This picture says it all: a tsunami crashing on the no-through road of life.
This isn't as serious as it sounds though, so don't worry.
It's just that my project list keeps growing—through every fault of my own—and we're heading into the holiday season.
Who isn't starting to feel a little stress right about now?
It just seems that every little thing on my list must first be prefaced with a number of other little things before I can get to every little thing on my list.
Does that make sense?
The real problem is that I'm unable, or unwilling, to accept the limitations my health places on me (I refuse—refuse—to blame age for anything).
I don't know if I'll ever be able to accept that I can't do a million things at once perfectly well.
In fact, I very nearly deleted that last sentence simply because it has the word "can't" in it.
I'll leave it in to make my point.
Take yesterday.
I awoke with two severe bouts of IBS that felt exactly like the labor I went through having Joel, and with a puppy biting my face.
IBS ruins my day.
It makes me depressed and fatigued, and all I can do is lay around and play on Facebook or watch movies.
Yesterday's sieges were the worst ever.
I have gotten myself a puppy.
A barking, yipping, whining, piddling, pooping puppy... and I love him!
Everyone, meet Nigel the Doxador.
His mother is Ville's Dachshund, Pepper, and his father was a black Labrador.
No, Ville had nothing to do with this.
The event (which must have been a real feat) took place before she got her.
These photos make him look larger than he is for some reason, he's really pretty small, and web research tells me that he'll grow up to be the size of a Cocker Spaniel.
The perfect dog-sized dog!
Nigel has completely moved in with us in only two days (today is day three).
He's terribly intelligent, ridiculously affectionate, and eager to please.
At eight weeks of age he's already learning basic obedience commands: No, Come, Nigel, and Ssh.
And he came to us piddle-pad trained!
We've only had one accident, but that was on his first day when he didn't have a pad nearby.
I haven't had a dog since 2000 when I lost my beloved Fritz, a Yorkie, who was my end-all and be-all for years.
I'm not sure how I'm going to hold up to the first six months, but love will see us through!
Congratulate me.
I finished the rewrites of Books One and Two last night and I finally got back to writing Book Three.
Well, you don't have to congratulate me, really, it's just what one says, isn't it?
But seriously, that's a HUGE load off.
I was more than ready to get this project finished because I don't like doing rewrites.
Who does?
At the same time, though, I kind of enjoy the micro-surgery it demands.
I'm a fool, I guess.
I actually like the mechanics of editing.
I think what I disliked about doing these rewrites is that I was forced to do them when what I really wanted to do was to plough into Book Three.
Now I'll have to get my mojo back for that.
Seems I'm always writing a new book over the autumn and winter holidays.
And life has demanded that I move ahead with this project when what I really want to do is work on Harley & Collette.
It's a good demand though, one that may turn out to be a real step forward to getting Beyond The Bridge out to a larger audience.
Hey, we go where the work is, right?
All the reworking was necessary though.
So much was both excised and added, tightened and refocused.
I think those of you who like this trilogy will really appreciate the results.
Somewhere between the basket bottle Classico chianti last night and the Breakfast Blend coffee this morning, I decided it would be not only decent but also practical of me to change some location names in my Rock trilogy, Beyond The Bridge.
Some of you might not know that I'm currently rewriting Books One and Two (With A Dream and With A Bullet) as well as writing Book Three (With A Song) and will publish the lot in a single volume sometime in early 2013.
That is to say, all three books in one cover.
I've added a lot, cut a few things, and have delved a lot deeper into the characters and their motivations.
In fact, I really should take the current two volumes off line, but that's something that only I need to worry about.
Note to self and all that.
In the course of rewriting it just hasn't sat well with me to expose people who actually live in these places (like the Tuppence house in Notting Hill and Felicity's mews flat in Belgravia) to nosy snooping on the off-chance that the book sells reasonably well.
Chadwicke Park, which is entirely fictional, is still set out on Reynolds Lane in Royal Tunbridge Wells because the plot of acreage I used is really just a pasture, and I don't think the sheep would mind having their picture taken once in a while; I've observed that British livestock are not particularly territorial, sheep especially.
So the new locations are Hilldon Road and Lowell Mews.
Not too dissimilar from the original names, but enough that I won't get sued by someone who might wake up to find graffiti on the front of their home.
Of course, this might be just so much over-optimistic wishful thinking on my part, but if I've learned anything in recent years it's that one can never be too cautious where fans are concerned.
And believe it or not, even I, lowly worm that I am, have fans.
Hey, I was big in Jacarta a few years ago...
For more information (and photos) of the locations in my trilogy, go here.
You'd think that with all the great things happening in my life right now I'd be soaring along, surfing the crest, riding the wave, mixing my metaphors with unbridled abandon.
The truth is, I'm growing increasingly overwhelmed.
This picture says it all: a tsunami crashing on the no-through road of life.
This isn't as serious as it sounds though, so don't worry.
It's just that my project list keeps growing—through every fault of my own—and we're heading into the holiday season.
Who isn't starting to feel a little stress right about now?
It just seems that every little thing on my list must first be prefaced with a number of other little things before I can get to every little thing on my list.
Does that make sense?
The real problem is that I'm unable, or unwilling, to accept the limitations my health places on me (I refuse—refuse—to blame age for anything).
I don't know if I'll ever be able to accept that I can't do a million things at once perfectly well.
In fact, I very nearly deleted that last sentence simply because it has the word "can't" in it.
I'll leave it in to make my point.
Take yesterday.
I awoke with two severe bouts of IBS that felt exactly like the labor I went through having Joel, and with a puppy biting my face.
IBS ruins my day.
It makes me depressed and fatigued, and all I can do is lay around and play on Facebook or watch movies.
Yesterday's sieges were the worst ever.
I won't burden you with more.
Add this to my thyroid issue, degenerative disk disease and, well, you can see why I don't get as many things done in a day as I'd like to.
This is not a sympathy call!
I'm just pissing and moaning about why I'm feeling overwhelmed just now.
But I have a sense of humor and although Nigel is in his early toddler phase, I'm able to laugh through a lot.
The really good news is that I always feel better by evening, so I'm not a total drag when Nettl comes home or when people drop in.
As long as they bring me wine I do well.
In fact wine seems to keep the IBS attacks at bay, so there you go.
I must say that having Nigel as my companion during the day really helps, actually, despite the pee and the poop, and the dangerously sharp puppy teeth.
I didn't go to college until I was 35 because I'd had my first child right out of high school and I was a single parent.
Instead of sitting in classrooms, I sat in factories, shipping rooms, and offices, each in their turn.
When I finally was able to enroll as a music composition major (in 1986), I applied myself with a fervor that worried the people around me and raised no little degree of jealousy in my fellow students.
This application served me well.
It was what caught the attention of Maestro Frank Salazar and got me a post as his assistant with the Ventura County Symphony for six full years, as well as the honor of being his sole (gratis) private pupil for just as long, earning me a masters degree equivalency.
These were amazing opportunities that I refused to waste.
This was Act II in my life's movie.
Act I had been spent teaching myself to read and write music and to promote myself as a performer.
I did pretty well, too, as many of you know.
Act III was different.
It was spent in reclusivity.
Illness, fatigue, and emotional exhaustion forced me to hide out in a small town in Oklahoma where I have slowly healed, loved and am loved, nurtured a marriage and raised a family.
I have now entered Act IV and I'm discovering that certain things in earlier acts were actually the foreshadowing of things that I'm only just now beginning to grasp.
At the end of my last year at school, my piano professor called me forward to perform my final.
I played both a piece by Mozart and a piece of my own.
The last one wasn't actually required, but I was very ill with pneumonia, had a fever, and was barely able to even make it to my finals.
I had in fact missed that last three weeks of classes.
My professor and I had agreed that by composing and playing a piece of my own, I could make up for the time I'd missed.
Because I'd carried a 4.0 GPA, I was certain that I'd do well.
After the performance phase of my final, she asked me (as she had every other student who sat in class that day) to run through a number of technical drills.
No problem.
But then she placed a simple piano piece on the music stand before me.
Nothing difficult, just two parts, treble and bass.
A melody in C major with a basic bass line.
"Play this in the style of Mozart," she instructed.
What's going on, I wondered.
No one else has been asked to do this.
Although my head swam from fever and I felt like I could faint at any moment, I improvised using thirds and horn fifths, trills and a 6/4 deceptive cadence, and adding an Alberti bass in the left hand.
"Now, Bach," she said when I was finished.
That was a bit harder, but I threw in counterpoint, a small fugal passage, and diminuted the B section.
Stuff like that.
She asked me to play it in a couple of other styles, then she sat down on the bench beside me.
"You have your A," she said.
"But let me give you some advice.
Chronic illness is no excuse for not committing yourself fully to your talent.
Don't make excuses—illness IS no excuse."
What the hell is she talking about, I wondered.
I thought she'd confused me with someone else.
I was the promise child, the resident campus Mozart, the terrifying over-achiever.
It was carrying a full load and working two jobs (besides being a single parent and my parents' housekeeper/laundress and cook) that had run my health into the ground.
And hadn't I just jumped through her monkey trick hoops as well as performed the required final?
She didn't have the other students do all that.
I left feeling resentful for having been singled out.
Looking back, I still think she was being grossly unfair, but maybe it was more than that.
Maybe she was seeing something in me that had yet to rear its head: a propensity for making excuses and procrastinating.
Maybe she recognized certain hidden weaknesses in me that would later threaten to stymie and cripple me.
Maybe she saw nothing.
Maybe it was just a bad day.
But, as they say, "out of the mouths of babes".
Or professors as the care may be... Sometimes messages come from the mouths of ordinary people who have no idea they're being used.
In this we are all prophets to some degree—perhaps we just don't know that we're seeing into someone's future, or that at some future date that person will finally find meaning in something we've said.
These days I'm learning to heed everything as a sign.
Just as observing birds clustering together on a power line, and knowing it's going to rain, I'm learning to be careful to consider every seemingly inconsequential thing that confronts me as a possible message because, before I shuffle off of this mortal coil, I want to know that I've given life my best shot, damn it.
I want to know that I left no opportunity unexplored.
So many have been lost already, but every day is a new life and a brand new chance at the life I want.
I may be a late bloomer, but I'm going to bloom even if it kills me.
I'm giving life my 500%—I refuse to spend what time I have left here on my ass with my feet up, my eyes glued to a television.
More and more I'm learning that this isn't the rehearsal, this is the damned production and it's time to be the director, not an extra.
There are certain people I know who have gotten their work noticed where it really counts.
They have written movies, television shows, documentaries—some have even directed and produced.
None of them are 'rich and famous' by the popular standard, but they live where we want to live and are supporting themselves doing what they love to do.
Who better to turn to for advice?
Most of us are just bumbling around, waiting for the Schwab's Pharmacy fairy to discover us, but it rarely happens that way.
I found that out when my music career tanked at the end of Act II.
I'd spent years upon years wondering, what's the key?
What's the secret?
Who do I talk to, meet, or approach?
Is there a formula, a road map that I'm just not getting?
These days the goal isn't to be rich and famous, to buy the eight million dollar house or to walk the red carpet.
All I want is to live in California.
I can't see why I shouldn't be able to make that happen; I was born there after all and have moved back twice already throughout my life.
It is to this goal that I am now dedicated.
I have a TV movie screenplay that I put on the back burner three years ago.
I've taken it out again and will finish it within the next couple of months.
Then I'll find out how to deliver it to the right people.
I have as good a chance as any and more resolve than most.
I believe I need to invest in one of those Magic 8-Balls.
Years ago a friend of mine had one, which she'd named Snodgrass for some reason.
We consulted Snodgrass all the time and "he" was eerily right-on.
Or maybe it just seemed like it.
Those were the days of legal, organic ecstasy after all, and everything made sense in that New-Agey synchronistic sort of way that made up the bulk of the 1980s in my little corner of southern California.
Anyway, I need one.
My writing projects list is huge and I really don't know which project should be addressed and in what order.
The truth is, I like bouncing from one book to another.
It keeps things fresh, but the bad thing is that I have a hard time digging in deep.
If any of you have an 8-Ball, will you ask it a simple question for me?
Just ask, "B, H, or G?"'
Somewhere between the basket bottle Classico chianti last night and the Breakfast Blend coffee this morning, I decided it would be not only decent but also practical of me to change some location names in my Rock trilogy, Beyond The Bridge.
Some of you might not know that I'm currently rewriting Books One and Two (With A Dream and With A Bullet) as well as writing Book Three (With A Song) and will publish the lot in a single volume sometime in early 2013.
That is to say, all three books in one cover.
I've added a lot, cut a few things, and have delved a lot deeper into the characters and their motivations.
In fact, I really should take the current two volumes off line, but that's something that only I need to worry about.
Note to self and all that.
In the course of rewriting it just hasn't sat well with me to expose people who actually live in these places (like the Tuppence house in Notting Hill and Felicity's mews flat in Belgravia) to nosy snooping on the off-chance that the book sells reasonably well.
Chadwicke Park, which is entirely fictional, is still set out on Reynolds Lane in Royal Tunbridge Wells because the plot of acreage I used is really just a pasture, and I don't think the sheep would mind having their picture taken once in a while; I've observed that British livestock are not particularly territorial, sheep especially.
