I've been thinking of posting something, anything about GMOs for quite a while.
But this blog is more of a creative outlet, an online journal, really.
After years of this, it's morphed into a public way for me to share personal thoughts with my mom.
I always think about her when I post.
Per the news, I feel like I'm supposed to only post things with future employers in mind, but I just think about my mom.
While I do post about foods, I don't get too in-depth.
I have another url for that though I have never used it.
I have a vision in mind but I have never acted upon it.
Maybe when I get a better computer...one that isn't so old that when I update firefox it suggests I "Get a new computer."
I digress.
I used to be junketarian.
For fourteen years I didn't eat meat.
Instead, I ate a lot of junk food.
I rarely ever ate a raw fruit or vegetable.
These days I grow my own fruits and vegetables!
Nowadays I am more concerned about eating foods fit for human consumption than whether or not it's a fruit, vegetable, dairy product, or meat.
I look at nutrition labels and it helps me avoid ingredients that are actually chemicals.
But there is no label to tell anyone if the food or chemical they consume is based on genetically modified ingredients.
Last weekend I visited my mom and when I mentioned GMOs, she had never heard of them.
At work I hand out a GMO pamphlet received from my Dr. Bronner's rep, which was published in part with the non-GMO project.
Because it's after 8pm on a Sunday and I'm tired as heck, I'm going to just type some things from that pamphlet, and also paraphrase.
I'm uploading photos from my old PC to flickr and wanted to document a few that caught my eye.
I don't feel like I've gone through a metamorphosis, but when I look at pictures from only a few years ago it allows me to remember the ups, downs and changes I've experienced.
I took this picture from an upper floor of the Eagleton building.
Cameras aren't allowed inside since it's a federal courthouse, however, at this time I was a regular visitor for my Account Manager position at BCBSMo and I had a good relationship with my contact there.
She worked it out with security so I could take photographs the day before Thanksgiving when court would not be in session.
At first I thought she was heckling me but then I realized she just wanted to talk about Halloween....
There I was, minding my own business, meandering in the shoe area at a thrift store when suddenly a girl says to me, "Hey!
How old are you?"
Thirty-four."Well,
you don't dress like it.
Most grown-ups wouldn't wear those shoes with that skirt."
Then she called me short.
I asked her how old I looked and she first answered six, but quickly changed her answer to twelve.
I asked her if this was a good or bad thing and she said it was good to look younger.
Then she asked me what I wanted to be for Halloween.
I don't have a costume picked out yet because I'm not doing anything which will require me to dress up.
She's dressing up as a ghost, but she doesn't really want to be a ghost.
She wasn't mad about it, but her mom picked out her costume and she wanted to decide.
Just when I started wondering how I was going to get out of this conversation, a worker announced that we had exactly five seconds to make a purchase.
I was lucky to visit Triple S Farms today.
It was an eye-opening experience to talk with Stan and learn what it means to raise food (animals, meat, hamburger, bacon, Thanksgiving turkey) and feed them well, treat them well, give these animals a well-cared-for life with plenty of food, water, shelter and as little stress as possible.
It's late, I should be sleeping.
But y'all should know (and by y'all, I mean my mom) that today was super awesome.
I'd rather focus on each tiny, small instance and think of my time in blocks of ten seconds here, four minutes there.
I don't want to categorize my experiences, summarize them, shave off all the details so my one week fits into a three-sentence description.
Each moment, experience, few seconds, all the little stuff strings together into a long blurred-together thing I feel like is - life.
Feeling those moments - is living.
The things that are important to me, the seconds and minutes that make me feel alive and think and wonder and discover, the majority of the billions of humans on the planet wouldn't even care about.
And that's why life is so cool.
I finally finished that owl!
I thought it'd make a great present for Amy's birthday.
It still needs grout; I probably won't get to that until this weekend, but that's a faster pace than what this project has been used to.
I tiled the owl two years ago, made the tree a year ago, then tiled the background over a weekend.
An unexpected death is a strong reminder for me to appreciate each moment and focus on the positive aspects of life that I need to be consciously thankful for.
There are many great things happening to me every single day and if my life should end abruptly, I want it to end on a positive note.
Being happy all the time seems like a lofty goal, especially when you take into consideration PMS and the irritabilities that occur while interacting with other human beings.
All I can do is try.
I wrote down a quote and regretfully did not manage to capture who said it, so if I went before Judge Judy and tried to quote this statement, she would throw it out as hearsay.
Today I came home to find a lot of really nice messages from people who saw the vulture mosaic on flickr.
Some have been commenting on my photos for a long time, others were complete strangers.
Their words brightened my day.
I appreciate when people take a moment out of their life and dedicate it to me.
I am sending double-extra Mahalos to Salvation Art for following my progress and cheering me on for months and also to Terry Nichols for sending me an encouraging email.
My favorite comment was from ratherbmosaicing, who wrote, "This is absolutely an amazing piece.
It's spectacular, magnificent.
The details just blow my mind.
The texture, andamento blending/merging of the colors in the black/white/gray in the feathers, beak, bone, claws, neck feathers, the anger in his eye.
My dear - what could be better about this piece?
It's outstanding."
A close friend of Eggs' has been in the hospital for a while now, dying.
While Jen has been comatose, Eggs visits her regularly.
Eggs thinks of her.
She talks of Jen's health, her life and her life choices; this and so much more weighs heavily on Eggs.
So we spent this show talking a lot about life and death and what it means to be and feel alive and what death means and how to accept death.
We didn't speak of all these things on the air because it's too personal for Eggs right now.
But once again, what we communicate to each other behind the scenes while everyone else hears music, the importance of our conversations cannot be weighed or measured against anything else that I have encountered on this planet.
In this photo I was 19 and my dad was 41.
We (I wonder what my mom and brother were doing that day?) went to a family reunion / 40th birthday party for three people, two of which were not even turning 40.
My dad explained that the family was so big, they were getting tired of throwing parties so they decided to ball up the last three into one just to get them out of the way.
I don't remember anyone's names or where this was, I just remember it nestled within cornfields down a long gravel road.
When my dad had his fill of catching up with everyone, he drank the last of his beer, crumpled the can in his hand and said "let's go!"
We didn't even say goodbye, just walked to his truck, telling anyone who asked what we were up to, that we were getting drinks from his cooler.
We were parked down the road but had to turn around and drive past the party.
My dad just honked and waved.
It was fun.
I use that exit strategy often.
I hate saying goodbye.
I've graduated from photos to short videos.
Pictures are not enough; I need to capture life's minutia in 10-90 second blocks.
If you believe in those who can see the future, you may have either watched one of their shows or visited them in person to get some insight into your own life.
They never tell you about the tiny moments.
They only tell you about the big stuff.
Someone you were close to died.
You're going to die sooner than you want to.
Maybe you can live on the moon in next century.*
It is a nice day.*
Never trouble trouble til trouble troubles you.*
If you continually give, you will continually have.*
Now is the time to set your sights high and go for it.*
Yadda yadda yadda.
*Fortune-cookie fortunes in my wallet.
I'd rather focus on each tiny, small instance and think of my time in blocks of ten seconds here, four minutes there.
I don't want to categorize my experiences, summarize them, shave off all the details so my one week fits into a three-sentence description.
Each moment, experience, few seconds, all the little stuff strings together into a long blurred-together thing I feel like is - life.
Feeling those moments - is living.
The things that are important to me, the seconds and minutes that make me feel alive and think and wonder and discover, the majority of the billions of humans on the planet wouldn't even care about.
And that's why life is so cool.
I've been thinking about Otis all day.
An unexpected death is a strong reminder for me to appreciate each moment and focus on the positive aspects of life that I need to be consciously thankful for.
There are many great things happening to me every single day and if my life should end abruptly, I want it to end on a positive note.
Being happy all the time seems like a lofty goal, especially when you take into consideration PMS and the irritabilities that occur while interacting with other human beings.
All I can do is try.
I wrote down a quote and regretfully did not manage to capture who said it, so if I went before Judge Judy and tried to quote this statement, she would throw it out as hearsay.
Today I came home to find a lot of really nice messages from people who saw the vulture mosaic on flickr.
Some have been commenting on my photos for a long time, others were complete strangers.
Their words brightened my day.
I appreciate when people take a moment out of their life and dedicate it to me.
Thank you ree-creation-mosaics, anna_dc, Remygem, dixlips, and Lucia Vanhoof.
I especially want to thank Nathan Renzor for writing, "I LOVE IT for So many reasons, the texture, the spot of color and face detail, great wings., the bone.....
I could go on.
GREAT!"
I also appreciated reading, "This is so good, the texture in the feathers and the background are amazing" from Joolz.
I am sending double-extra Mahalos to Salvation Art for following my progress and cheering me on for months and also to Terry Nichols for sending me an encouraging email.
My favorite comment was from ratherbmosaicing, who wrote, "This is absolutely an amazing piece.
It's spectacular, magnificent.
The details just blow my mind.
The texture, andamento blending/merging of the colors in the black/white/gray in the feathers, beak, bone, claws, neck feathers, the anger in his eye.
My dear - what could be better about this piece?
It's outstanding."
I planted these sunflowers from seed on 24 May.
They grew much taller than I expected them to, shading my Brussels sprouts so much that they never produced food.
Okra is that tall stuff in the front.
Broccoli is just behind the okra.
Chard is at my feet.
Peppers, Brussels sprouts and tomatoes are behind me.
I chopped down the cornstalks weeks ago.
Kevin McKenzie warned me not to underestimate how big each plant will get.
That's been one of the best pieces of gardening advice I've received.
It's very easy to crowd one plant out by another.
My okra towers over me and two broccoli plants, two tomato plants and a baby blackberry bush.
The corn was also planted too close together, but it survived because I watered them plenty.
Next year I will plant a new row each week for 4-6 weeks.
Corn is mature and ready to eat 60 days after planting, so this will ensure I have fresh corn for a couple of months.
wish my phone were able to capture all the bee activity happening in my garden.
There are several varieties of bees and dozens of each type, buzzing from flower to flower, doing their thing.
I'm glad I can provide an organic environment for any creatures.....which is why I don't mind the rabbit who's been hanging out for the last month.
I have an overabundance of food so I don't mind sharing.
I had NO idea the sunflowers would tower over everything!
I thought they'd be as tall as my corn but as it turns out, they're twice as tall!
And blocking sunlight for my Brussels sprouts, which never were able to produce food.
Also, I'm not sure what happened to my eggplant; it had many flowers, but none materialized into anything, not even a teeny-tiny eggplant.
Conversely, my corn, tomatoes, kohlrabi, broccoli and okra produced lots and lots of food!
You'll probably find a variety of bees if you can manage to look close enough.
They love my garden.
Instead of reflecting, let me tell you that during a DJ meeting this afternoon, I took a tube of toothpaste out of my purse, held it up to Jodi (who was sitting clear across the room), squeezed out a liberal amount onto my right index finger, and then smeared it on my lips as if it were lip balm .... to make Jodi laugh.
I think Tim Russell saw this.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
If you've tried to get me to leave my house and I wouldn't, it's because I'm busy breaking plates, cutting glass and then gluing those bits and pieces to wood.
I'm making a vulture.
I take photos of everything and post just a fraction of them.
Since my last blog post (not related to Rock N Roll Armageddon) I have been up to the following:
Nico had surgery on Wednesday.
I stopped at Seaney Farms on my way to pick her up.
I bought the tastiest watermelon I've ever eaten from this place.
On Monday I went to Decatur and watched Moonrise Kingdom.
That movie was awesome.
You should go see it.
I also walked around downtown and talked to a crazy homeless guy, who supposedly had been in Decatur for one hour, arriving directly from New York.
He got on his knees begging for money, but would not accept food.
It was awkward.
My brother and his girlfriend spent the night Saturday and on Sunday we went to the Dana Thomas House.
I will definitely be visiting that place again soon.
Maybe even twice before the year's over.
It's that awesome.
We also went to Lincoln's neighborhood.
We did not go into the Lincoln home, but I did take a picture of it through a tube.
On Saturday, I woke up before five in the morning to ride with Jeff to deliver some artwork and prints and stuff to Crystal Lake, IL.
While there, we visited Bicycle Werks and they showed us the basement.
Here's my eyeball.
I really like this purple eyeshadow.
It's not something I'd normally wear.
Someone special-ordered it at Food Fantasies and then changed their mind.
It ended up on the discount shelf at 50% off so I bought it.
I've worn it every day since.
Here's me in my garden, holding Kohlrabi (which were both delicious!) next to tomatoes and in front of corn.
It's been a week and the corn is so much taller now!
If you want to know what's-what, see my last blog post where I give a one-minute garden tour.
It's barely light out unlike the beautiful bright sunny day happening right now, but I felt like making a video at that very moment.
Sure I could make a video at this very moment, but I want to take a picture instead.
I had my spleen removed when I was 15 because I had chronic Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP).
My dad donated blood a few days before the surgery so that if I needed a transfusion, I could use his blood instead of a stranger's.
We found out the day after he donated that our blood types were not compatible; he's B-negative and I'm O-positive.
Or so I thought.
Today I worked a health fair and the Central Illinois Community Blood Center was there and conducting blood-typing tests.
I wanted to see how the test worked so, even though I've known my blood type for a long time.... after spending a couple of years getting 1-3 blood tests a week, I know.
But it came up B-negative.
Twice.
Back when I had my splenectomy and my dad's blood was a different type, my mom and boyfriend-at-the-time both donated blood and both were a match.
If 38% of people are blood type O+ and 2% of people are B-
how likely is it that my mom AND boyfriend were compatible?
(My mom's bloody type IS O-positive.)
I'm baffled.
One's blood type can only change if they've had a bone marrow transplant.
I've had bone marrow taken, but never a transplant.
If we haven't talked in two months, I've deleted your number.
Unless you're really freaking weird and I want to make sure I know who you are when you text me randumb things here and there.
I'm talking to you, Mr. Bologna.
If there's one thing I've learned over the last several years, it's that I am a weirdo/idiot magnet.
If you ask me anything ever, you're probably demented.
If you try to talk to me more than once a quarter, there's probably something up with you.
So in the wee hours of last night I got a nice message, which could possibly be creepy, but it seems like an awesome gesture right now because I haven't talked to anyone about it (so my creep-dar is totally off).
If we exchanged numbers and I deleted you, I'm not sorry, because we haven't kept in contact; if we don't talk regularly, your number is not in my phone.
If you're just a randumb person who sent me a text, that's cool.
Everyone should follow suit.
Eggs called an hour before we went on the air to let me know she wouldn't be able to make it.
While I have started the show on my own, this was the first time I did the whole thing from beginning to end without anyone's supervision.
I fumbled and bumbled my way through, managing to not mess up too terribly and not suck too much.
I was nervous as hell, but it was inevitable that I'd do my first solo show at some point.
I'm glad to get that experience out of the way.
It's cool to play music on the radio, for two hours, in a not too shabby time slot.
(Seriously, you guys, 4-6pm on Tuesdays is a sweet time to be on the radio.)
I feel really lucky.
I was lucky enough to find myself with an impromptu 3-day weekend.
Thank you Tanner for covering my Sunday shift to make this mini-vacation possible!
Saturday I was invited to tag along on a one-day road trip to Burlington, IA to watch the Snake Alley bike race.
These athletes are impressive!
Normally I think sports are stupid.
Since I've never played a sport in my life (no, seriously, I've never played a sport) I don't get it.
I don't want to watch a bunch of people run around in a field kicking a ball back and forth while playing keep away, or watch people hit a ball back and forth over a net.
I definitely don't want to watch people balance a ball on a stick just to hit it real far, fetch it from the bushes, hit it into a pit of sand, hit it a couple more times before they gently tap it into a hole.
Whatever; leave me alone so I can take pictures of circles or glue broken pieces of junk to wood.
Geez, I rambled quite a bit.
My point was, the Snake Alley race was cool and the whole day was awesome!
I laughed for twelve hours straight; it was a beautiful drive and my friend and I were able to investigate lots of small towns along the way.
It was a nice getaway!!
I was going to write about much fun I had on Sunday and how productive I was on Monday, but then I started thinking about my ongoing heartbreak and trying to work through that.
It's tough.
We're trying to be friends, but my intentions are different from his since I'm hoping our friendship will blossom into more.
He just wants friendship.
We love each other differently and it sucks and it's hard.
But it is what it is and we're trying to find a happy medium.
But then I fall in love all over again when he does stuff like peel an orange perfectly with his bare hands.
But I have good times off on my own, too.
Just 23 hours ago I was walking around in the St. Louis City Garden, admiring this greatness.
I wish my phone were able to capture all the bee activity happening in my garden.
There are several varieties of bees and dozens of each type, buzzing from flower to flower, doing their thing.
I'm glad I can provide an organic environment for any creatures.....which is why I don't mind the rabbit who's been hanging out for the last month.
I have an overabundance of food so I don't mind sharing.
I had NO idea the sunflowers would tower over everything!
I thought they'd be as tall as my corn but as it turns out, they're twice as tall!
And blocking sunlight for my Brussels sprouts, which never were able to produce food.
Also, I'm not sure what happened to my eggplant; it had many flowers, but none materialized into anything, not even a teeny-tiny eggplant.
Conversely, my corn, tomatoes, kohlrabi, broccoli and okra produced lots and lots of food!
If you want to know what's-what, see my last blog post where I give a one-minute garden tour.
It's barely light out unlike the beautiful bright sunny day happening right now, but I felt like making a video at that very moment.
Sure I could make a video at this very moment, but I want to take a picture instead.
I had my spleen removed when I was 15 because I had chronic Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP).
My dad donated blood a few days before the surgery so that if I needed a transfusion, I could use his blood instead of a stranger's.
We found out the day after he donated that our blood types were not compatible; he's B-negative and I'm O-positive.
Or so I thought.
Today I worked a health fair and the Central Illinois Community Blood Center was there and conducting blood-typing tests.
I wanted to see how the test worked so, even though I've known my blood type for a long time.... after spending a couple of years getting 1-3 blood tests a week, I know.
But it came up B-negative.
Twice.
The worst thing about being broke and unable to afford health insurance is missing out on routine, preventative exams.
It has been a few years since my last annual well-woman visit and that sort of thing freaks me out.
Of the fifteen or sixteen annual check ups I've had, only one test result has been abnormal.
I was 14 and had been sent to see a gynecologist by a hematologist (long story), I was not yet sexually active, my results came back with precancerous cells, I had cryosurgery and I've never had an abnormal test result since.
But the last few months I have been thinking about how important it is to get regular exams and I mentioned this to a friend who recently visited the Sangamon County Department of Public Health, had a great experience and she encouraged me to go.
Their services are offered on a sliding scale based on income.
The quality of treatment I received was better than most of the insurance-covered experiences I've had.
The wait time was virtually non-existent, even in the exam room, they were patient and thorough, explained everything clearly, gave me options and I would highly recommend them to any woman in need of her annual exam.
So I was very excited to get a pelvic exam and Pap Smear.
I never thought I'd say that because that whole experience is uncomfortable - unless you like laying on a table, spread eagle with your feet in stir-ups while someone cranks open your vag, peers in there with a light, does several uncomfortable scrapings (to be sent away and microscopically examined) and lastly pokes around in there with his or her fingers for good measure.
It's awkward.
Somehow I managed to feel more awkward after that whole scene went down.
I thought that it'd be a good idea to get the STD screenings, too.
The guy didn't tell me not to, but he said that based on my consultation and exam I didn't really need every single test available.
I expressed my concerns and reasoning for why I'd rather be safe than sorry and I thought I did a great job of convincing him that I should be tested for everything, man.
Then he side-eyed me for a second, gave me a puzzled look and said, "But you can't give yourself an STD."
I returned his puzzled look with a puzzled look of my own.
He went on to explain, "Based on your sexual history....
I mean, I understand that you had A sexual partner - a while ago - and it's never a bad idea to get a routine screening, but ummm... you can't get an STD from yourself, even if you use a toy."
Some dude and I walked in at the same time and because there wasn't a wait and they had the registration, exam and payment systems down to a science, The Dude and I ended up on the exact same schedule.
We each got our paperwork, filled it out and turned it in.
We were called in for our consultation and exam.
We ended up back in the waiting room together and then called back for our exam results.
And then we ended up leaving at the exact same time.
As we're walking toward the door I said to him, "It seems like we're in a race."
He replied, "It looks like we're tied."
I don't know what came over me because I am in no way shape or form competitive; I immediately give up if I find myself in a competitive situation.
But I took off running for the door, opened it and exclaimed "HA!
I BEAT YOU!"
Today is the last day you can take my age, divide by 11 and get three.
As of tomorrow, to get a whole number even close to three, you'll have to divide my age by 17.
Who wants to go to all that trouble to end up with a lousy two?
It's all I think about.
Well, that and feeling heartbroken.
I've been financially struggling for the last few years, toggling between unemployed and underemployed.
I took out tens of thousands of dollars in student loans (now that I am college educated, I understand why this was a bad idea, unfortunately) during a time when my annual salary was four times what it has been each of the last four years.
As such, since I have graduated, I have never made enough to make monthly payments on my student loans.
I've been supplementing my income with my retirement and now that's run out.
Including rent money from my roommate, I make just barely enough to pay bills and if I need anything extra, it goes on the credit card.
I am buying a house people.
This is tough.
I absolutely love my job at Food Fantasies, but I'm not making enough and I have no insurance.
However, I have taken on different responsibilities and I LOVE being the Community Outreach person.
It's a good reminder that I love marketing, attending events, creating events, communicating with people, connecting people and helping others find whatever it is they need.
I love helping people and it's unbelievably rewarding when I am able to solve someone else's problem....probably because I seem to be incapable of bringing my own issues to resolve.
I talked to my dad about all this and he brought me down to earth with, "Your mom and I have been there.
Imagine being unable to pay your bills and have two small children who depend on you."
Yikes.
I felt something I never imagined I would feel - thankful - that I was unable to conceive a child.
I'm in a similar financial position as countless other people all across the planet.
Some have it a little better, others have it much worse.
I try not to compare myself to others because that is a useless endeavor; I am not them, they are not me.
I have been steadily job hunting since 2008.
Technically, I take off a few months each year because applying for literally hundreds of jobs and landing less than ten interviews is quite taxing on my psyche.
I feel like a worthless loser and it sucks.
I hate it.
All of this is made harder by going through this breakup with my best friend.
He's the one person I talk to who truly makes me feel better about even the worst situations, shows me the positives when all I can find are negatives and it sucks to feel like I can't go to him.
All of my financial and career struggles have impacted my writing.
I am trying to get back into blogging, but it's hard when I feel overwhelmingly negative.
Everyone has their own problems, so who wants to come here and read about mine?
Even when I have fun and experience great moments, I have an incredibly difficult time writing about them.
I sit down at my broken laptop and immediately feel negative.
I have spent years at this laptop, using it as my primary source for an unsuccessful attempt at finding a career.
This is not my happy place.
I wrote The Lowest Wage Legally Possible a year and a half ago and I sit here today, nowhere near finding a solution to my career woes and money scares.
In the last few months I've noticed that the most appealing jobs seem to be with organizations like the American Cancer Society and the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society.
Working at Food Fantasies has really opened my eyes to the the chemically-laced and genetically-modified foods humans consume.
The animals we eat are fed these foods.
The raw fruits and vegetables we eat are treated with pesticides, herbicides and who knows what else.
Not one person fully understands what happens inside the human body when we metabolize these substances.
It can't be good.
Food is our fuel and when we ingest foreign substances, our body has to figure out what to do with that stuff.
I don't fully know the path, but there is a definite connection between diet and cancer.
And it scares me.
Hopefully my fear turns to passion which fuels me to move in the right direction where I can do something meaningful with my life, HELP OTHERS and stop worrying about money during my every waking moment.
I need to find a way to separate myself from the negative emotions swirling within me so that I may demonstrate that I am capable and willing to put others before myself.
But just like "in the event of a plane crash," I have to put on my oxygen mask before I tend to others.
I need to find my oxygen mask.
I'll be honest - it's weird.
It's weird because it's so obviously fun, yet I never imagined it as a possibility of fun.
We play music we like and in between songs we talk about randumb-whatever ... on the air.
And by "air" I mean "radio."
That's weird, dude.
During songs we talk about about stuff and community events and music and then we look for more music.
We talk about everything.
This is therapy, man.
And it's sofa king fun.
The song playing during the above video is Bata Motel by Crass.
A listener request, it was immediately obvious that Jodi is passionate about it.
Her unabashed singing and dancing is what prompted my attempt at a secret video.
Discovering new-old music is made better when I find out how it impacts others and WHY.
Jodi explained how much this song meant to her as a teenager, that she didn't think of herself as a feminist, but this song made her know she would never dress herself up, stuff her emotions away and make herself uncomfortable for a man.
She encouraged me to listen to the song and read the lyrics.
The way she explained it, "Women aren't capable of being anything other than crazy balls of sex, so that's what we (men) should use them for."
I brought in a few burlesque albums that once belonged to my Grandma Charlotte.
It was good thing I did too, because we played them while we restarted the computer.
And then we didn't have passwords and whatnot...so while everyone was listening to burlesque for 10-15 minutes, we were frantically making call after call and trying password after password.
Eventually Bruce was able to get his show on the air, but still, it was a fiasco.
And we left before we ever figured it out.
I'm always looking for an escape, an adventure.
I wanted to go someplace new today, so I headed to bright and sunny Pekin and then couldn't find anything good to eat, so made my way up to Peoria.
Nothing awesome happened, but I captured a few photos along the way.
No building, but this sign made me curious about what in the world was going on here.
I mean, lottery and a noose?
I was 19.
I went with Trisha Deppe (hi Trish!
I hope you're well and I'd love to reconnect with you!) to swim and climb around the spillways at Lake Timberline.
It's a private area, meaning you have to own property to get in there.
Seriously, there's a guard station and we'd have to tell them our platte and lot number.
This made me feel like a rock star.
Lake Timberline is in the Missouri Bluffs and at some point in the late 50s or early 60s, humans decided to dam up the natural waterways to create several lakes.
My favorite is Golf Springs because the beach is sandy and the swimming area is not roped off.
I loved going there as a teenager and swimming across the lake, picking a dock and diving in.
Climbing the spillway to Lake Timberline was always my favorite activity.
It's the deepest lake, therefore, it has the tallest spillway.
It was fun to park a bit away, walk there and climb up small waterfalls and investigate each pool of water above it.
Usually there wasn't much to find and I'm sure every creature I encountered gave me a startle.
This particular photo was taken at one of the two spillways that divide Bee Run into three lakes.
These are fishing lakes, not designed for swimming, so it always felt more remote than any of the other lakes.
Every visit required exploring Bee Run.
Developing my film months later to find a photo of my butt as I'm bent over trying to maneuver up, down or across this tiny spillway is truly a treasure.
I don't remember feeling this desperately heartbroken and sad - ever.
I thought I loved before, but I cannot remember ever feeling the way I do now; the way I have felt for months.
This must be the first time I've experienced real, true love.
And it blows my mind how intense the feelings are; I can't believe that not one person has ever died from a broken heart.
It is physically painful.
I've always been annoyed with love/breakup songs/movies, but that was before I could identify with the feeling.
I've been prepping for Rock N Roll Armageddon by listening to nonstop music and writing down songs that I might want to play on the air.
Two pages of notes later, I notice the heartbreak theme.
I miss the good old days of my blog, back when I used to actually write.
Maybe now would be a good time to follow the format of one of those lazy sitcom episodes where all the characters gather together and use flashbacks to have a big long "remember when" conversation.
Remember when I moved to Springfield and that random dude came in my bedroom?
Remember when my neighbor watched a lot of porn (and I was, apparently, watching him watch porn.
I just realized that).
You not only watched him watch porn, you tried to analyze and understand the logistics of it all, "...I mean, have you ever tried to rub your belly in a circle with one hand, while patting your head with the other?..."
Anyway, do you remember when my plumbing was messed up for eight days?
Of course I remember!
....we totally missed Thanksgiving because of it.
And Thelma was a crazy lady.
Remember that time she yelled at me?
How could I forget?
You wouldn't shut up about it for weeks.
I could write more blog posts about the stuff I'm doing, but I seem to be busy trying to find my direction and missing opportunities to write about my experiences along the way.
Since my last piss-poor blog post I've hung out in St. Louis, visited family in Bowling Green, KY, started my first batch of Kombucha and lots more.
I'm taking photos, but not writing any details about my experiences.
Something cool that happened yesterday: Jodi invited me to DJ with her for a couple hours every Tuesday... Rock n Roll Armageddon.
I don't have facebook, but the show has a tiny one.
Go over there and like it or whatever you Facebookians do.
So I went yesterday to WQNA and sucked at being a DJ.
I was completely unprepared and totally afraid of speaking - the complete opposite of my normally rambling self.
I see how this works.
I show up to the radio station on Tuesdays around 4 and I get to play music I like and talk on the air and have fun with Jodi.
I know what to expect so I am preparing now for the show next week....by listening to Nobunny radio on last.fm and writing down songs I like so I have an idea of what to play instead of blowing dumb and having absolutely no recollection of even one song I like and would be fun to listen to.
I was worried about my not having any experience but Jodi assured me it was no big deal as she desperately needed a sidekick.
When I arrived at the station I met the station manager, Deb Antoine, who said WQNA is in danger of going away due to non-interest; kids just aren't interested in radio.
I think people, in general, might be more interested if they knew they had a platform for communication that supersedes the internet.
Hmmmm.
I wonder if there's a way I can help spread the word?
Hmmmm.
I need to think about this, but it'll have to wait.
I better get back to work.
I should be in bed now, but I'm still fired up from tonight's cooking class.
I knew it would be successful, but everything worked out better than I imagined and anticipated.
Christopher is a great educator and awesome human being.
The other night I was telling my mom about a cooking class I'm orchestrating for Food Fantasies at the Pasfield House.
I started to write a big long thing about it, but it's 10 pm on Friday night, tomorrow is my only day off and I'm trying to relax a bit.
For now, let me say that I thoroughly enjoyed the trial cooking class we held on Wednesday!
Meet my good friend and coworker, Dogfood.
(His real name is Chris Sommer, but you know how it works, some call me Spaghetti, others call me Noodles, I get Jeannette-E quite a bit, and then there's the occasional Waa-Naa-Net....) 
Anyway, Dogfood's giving (teaching!) the class on February 16th at 6pm at the Pasfield House.
Click on that last link for more details.
Go on - click it!
What was I talking about?
Oh yeah, the cookie recipe....
I love going to thrift stores and perusing the dishes.
The selection always rotates from one interesting design to another and I never get bored sifting through the varying shades of blue and green, the rare reds and yellows, florals, fruits and vegetables and the patterns and prints - oh my! Dishes are always affordable, usually less than a dollar each, and they make great mosaic material.
But some dishes are too interesting or sentimental to destroy.
Besides my crazy wall of plates, no two of my dinner plates are alike.
A few plates I bought with the intention of using them and not breaking or displaying them, particularly the upper -left and bottom-left plates.
My favorite plate to eat off of is the white one all the way to the left.
It used to be my mom's and I couldn't believe she didn't want it anymore.
It was her plate.
You know, that one she always used because it's not too big and not too small.
Now it's the first one I grab.
Another one I love is the multi-colored floral in the center of the bottom row.
It's from an incomplete set of dishes my dad bought from goodwill as a present when I first moved to Springfield.
He's thoughtful in that way.
The plate in the upper right-hand corner, the one with the brown trim, that's the dish that made up the ventriloquist-sock monkey's body.
The white one just under and to the right of it is from my Great Grandma and Grandpa Hanczewski's set of dishes.
I recently saw this same set at Goodwill, but I did not buy it for fear of mixing them up with my original set.
Heck, I even have plates I think about and miss.
Most notably, the rainbow-striped set I used to own.
RIP Beautiful Dishes.
You are missed.
There are so many great people who come through Food Fantasies, it's hard not to leave work with a smile on my face.
With all the time I've saved via not blogging, I've spent more and more time on mosaics.
I'm working on one now that measures 24" x 44" and modeled after a quilted table runner my mom made for me for Christmas.
I'm using broken dishes for the tesserae, though I may use smalti for the background.
I'm undecided at this point.
The last time I got gas in my car, he put it in there.
He also put up storm windows and fixed the gutter (that he broke back in July ;).
Shoot, he even puts the seat down after he pees.
Come to think of it, he's done my laundry several times, delivered me Happy Meals, mowed grass, torn down my garden at the end of the season, takes trash to the alley, picks up dead animals my dogs kill, fixes stuff around the house, found me a replacement bicycle and actually, he gave me that bike that just got stolen.
We date other people, so we get or own room -and- he pays me to live here.
Having a roommate isn't so bad.
Nowadays we keep track of time digitally and on paper, neither of which can be expected to last forever; future beings will investigate our remains thousands of years from now and wonder how we kept track of time and shared information.
I spent the day with my brother and we took a road trip south on the Columbia Bottoms to Fort de Charters, stayed for roughly 15 minutes, then turned around to head home.
It was awesome.
Remind me to tell you about it sometime.
I'm totally here.
Right.
Now.
I was lucky to be invited to help run a booth at the Philly Bike Expo, but so far the highlight has been catching up with Alex and having a slumber party at his dad's house.
The bike expo will keep me too busy to do much sightseeing, but I will certainly eat a cheesesteak while here.
Last weekend was awesome.
I worked, lazed about, played with curlers, rode my bike around the fairgrounds and worked on my mosaic.
This weekend should be pretty rad, too.
If you know me at all, you know I make a habit of taking a lot of photos of a lot of random things.
Since getting an iPhone I rarely carry my camera, but I still photograph that and this whenever I can.
I rode to Beardstown with nil8 to watch them and Funky Circus Fleas play at a little place called Central Tavern.
Both shows rocked!
Everyone was friendly as could be and I'm looking forward to going back......tomorrow, when I meet up with Roseyland to explore watermelon country.
Not including research, planning, conceptualizing and gathering materials.
That whole getting-ready part took too many weeks, but the project seemed to pick up pace once I actually started on it.
I'm usually horrible about keeping track of time and have no idea how long most of my projects take.
That's inspired me to be diligent with a timesheet.
I've been fretting about tiling the inside of this blue jean sun, but I'm feeling more confident after successfully tiling the background......and adding orange guidelines.
Now I am free to focus my worries on drumming up enough shiny bicycle spokes.
As much as I post to instagram, tumblr, flickr and posterous, I thought I should learn how to post a blog from me ayePhone.
I was about five years old when all of my cousins spent a week with my Grandpa Charlie in Montgomery City, Missouri.
Christine and I played in a baby pool on the back patio, pretending to take baths while using leaves as our washcloths.
And that's how I discovered poison ivy.
I regularly stop in the local thrift stores to peruse their dish selection, searching for interesting colors, patterns and textures that I might want to use in a future mosaic.
Some days I leave empty handed, other days I come home with a huge stack of dishes to break.
Of every few hundred plates I see, I find one or two with its own appealing, unique qualities and I have to take them home.
I've amassed a wide variety of plates that I have no idea what I'll do with (let me know if you need any 25th Wedding Anniversary plates, or a Mother Jones Monument plate), so I decided to decorate a boring wall.
That was back in November.
I've been satisfied with it until today, when I read this blog post and saw a more sophisticated and colorful wall collage.
Sara gathered meaningful art, painted simple, inexpensive frames and transformed a plain wall into an art gallery.
(Seriously, go check it out, it's awesome.)
And the best part is that she showed how she decided where the nails go.
For the longest time, I'd see wall collages and wonder how in the world can someone hang 30 different things on one wall and make it look good?
And how do these people know where the nails go?
It takes one kind of effort to choose materials that create cohesion and balance, but it takes math and craftsmanship to actually get nails into the wall - after you decide where the nails need to go.
That always felt like the trickiest part, so I took a few photos as I was trying to figure out how to assemble a wall of plates.
I had no idea what I was doing, so I like seeing how Sara approached a similar project.
I first hung up a piece of brown kraft paper in the space that I wanted to fill.
I marked the thermostat's location (Sara had to work a light switch into her collage), then laid the piece of paper on the floor.
This gave me boundaries and a visual reference as to how the plates would look on the wall.
Note: I have a giant roll of brown kraft paper for mosaic purposes, but in the past I have taped together a bunch of sheets of paper and that worked just as well.
Sara used wrapping paper, which I find brilliant.
I spent more than two hours deciding which plates to use, arranging and rearranging them into different patterns, until I realized that I could switch them out at any time so just pick something already.
I traced all the plates onto the paper, numbering each plate and its tracing.
A few friends teased me for it, but this step prevented me from being frustrated when trying to hang plates in their intended spot.
Labeling was a logical part of the template-making process and after seeing Sara do the same thing, I think it's necessary to stay organized.
I also marked where each nail hole needed to be because it was different for every plate.
I started to cut a slot in the paper at each nail hole and mark the wall, but then I realized I could just drill through the paper... so I drilled the holes while the paper was still up.
I have plaster walls, so for each plate I pre-drilled a hole, hammered in an anchor, then screwed a screw into the anchor.
After all that prep work, it only took about five minutes to take down the paper and hang 28 plates.
It's fun (and easy) to revamp my wall once it starts to feel boring again.
Every now and then I rearrange some of the collage to bring out new plates from my reserve, or to display an album or two, but there are a few pieces that have sentimental value and for that they will always stay on the wall.
Sooo, I have a roommate.
I'm not going to lie, it's totally weird; I'm experiencing culture shock.
At the same time, it's totally cool.
I like it.
The best part is, he's escorted me on a few bike rides and now I'm venturing from one end of town to the other.
I've put more than 50 miles on my bike in the last week.
It's not much, but it's GREAT for me!
The best part is me leaving a list of things I need help with and coming home to several of them accomplished.
But the problem is, he jokes around so much that it's hard to know when he's being serious.
Two nights ago I wrote an email about my diet and weight loss secrets and after reading a weight-related post from Patrick, I thought I should post that email, but first let me preface.
I eat a lot of frozen and prepared meals.
I look at the nutrition info for a couple of dinner choices and choose the one with the least calories and sodium; honestly, I don't pay attention to anything else.
If I want the one with more calories, before I eat, I scoop out a portion and throw it away to avoid consuming ALL those calories.
Come to think of it, I try to do that a lot.
I've been on a three-week bender eating the same damn thing: Annie Chun's Teriyaki Noodle Bowl.
I have never cooked all of the noodles; depending on how hungry I am, I will cook 1/2 to 3/4 of the packaged noodles and I never use all the sauce.
I hear a lot of, "You don't need to watch what you eat!"
But you see, if I didn't watch what I ate, I wouldn't be the size I am.
I've gone through periods where I wasn't paying attention to anything except my 'shrinking underwear' (seriously, when I start putting on pounds, I first think my underwear is shrinking before I realize I'm getting larger; happens every damn time).
If I always eat whatever the hell I want, I gain weight like everybody else.
Drink lots of water.
A good rule to follow is, take your body weight and divide by two.
That is the number, in ounces, of water you should drink every day.
I carry a 32 oz bottle of water around and try to drink two of those every day.
Some days it's easier than others.
Diets never work for me.
I'm not good about changing my habits if I decide to quit eating horribly cold turkey....and I'll eat well and exercise regularly for a while, then fall off the wagon for a couple weeks.
Once I can feel that weight/bloating coming back on, that is usually enough to motivate me to at least attempt eating better.
I limit the amount of junk food I keep in the house and increase the amount of fruits and vegetables I have at home.
I keep a bowl on the counter with fruit (not ALL the fruit, it'll go bad too fast)....
I keep some in the fridge and some on the counter.
To get started try to eat a couple pieces of fruit every day.
After a week or so of doing that, try to eat more vegetables.
It also helps if I just set out like an orange, a pluot and a little pile of grapes or strawberries and tell myself I need to eat it by the end of the day.
Another thing I do, I don't focus on my calorie/food intake for the day, I think about it in terms of, "what have I eaten over the last few days?"
Although today I ate a giant salad, I also ate a frozen breakfast sandwich thing, a hard salami sandwich, and pizza.... so tomorrow I need to try a little harder to eat more fruits and veggies.
(Yesterday I basically ate strawberries, potatoes and noodles.)
It is better to eat a lot of small meals (or simply snack all day and eat no meals) than to just eat one big meal a day.
If you are like me, you don't get an appetite until the last several hours of the day.
So, if you've been up for a few hours and haven't eaten, force yourself to eat as much of a carrot as possible.
I tend to fall back on carrots for some odd reason, but you can substitute whatever RAW fruit or vegetable you enjoy.
Make a list of all the healthy foods you like and put it somewhere where you can see it.
Next to that, keep a list of all the UNhealthy foods you like.
Keep at least some of the good stuff on hand and when you feel hungry and craving a cheeseburger and fries (or whatever food), look at both lists and think about how you'll feel AFTER you eat those foods (good and bad... how will you feel after you eat an apple versus a pile of fries?).
I've also bought a celebrity magazine where they show pictures of celebs in bikinis and pick them apart... I'll hang a sexy and ugly one on the fridge and also in the bathroom.
It's very torturous, but it helps give me will power to get off my ass and try harder.
You really need to FORCE yourself to exercise 30 minutes five days a week.
That will be incredibly difficult to do, especially at first.
It doesn't have to be 30 minutes all at once.
I tend to exercise in five to fifteen minute increments.
Most often I am horrible about exercising, but I'm pretty good about getting exercises in as I do dishes, laundry, etc.
When I mail stuff, I try to ride my bike down the street to the blue box.
It doesn't take long, like maybe 15 minutes (depending on how fast I go) and I get in a few mile bike ride.
When I get home, I can feel my legs are a little tight and that motivates me to do it again.
There is only ONE way to lose weight and that is to create a calorie deficit.
One pound of weight equals 3500 calories.
If you want to lose one pound a week, you need to eat AND exercise to eliminate 3500 calories from what you normally would in that week.
Also, you need to concentrate on consuming the best calories possible and that is via RAW fruits and vegetables.
There are other good foods for you, but those really are the best.
I recommend reading The Raw Truth by Jordan Rubin.
It was a freebie at work and it's an informative book.
Keep in mind that these are all major changes and you won't be able to do them over night, but you can set goals of where you want to be and work toward them.
And don't beat yourself up too bad for not being perfect about the way you eat.
Just recognize you ate a lot of bad food today and spend the next couple of days making better food choices.
I sometimes feel I don't have much to blog about, but the last week has been quite busy, giving me a lot to write about, but leaving me with little time to write.
Last night I went to the drive in.
I'd already seen both movies, but I hadn't seen Tim in months, so I basically went to the drive in to see Tim.
It was a lot of fun and worth re-watching two mediocre movies I've recently paid to see in the theater.
That was only my second time at Knight's Action Park (the first visit was two days prior) and I loved it both times.
Friday night I went to a play, Romeo and Juliet.
It was my first time seeing Shakespeare and it was fabulous.
This was also my first time having a completely inappropriate public outburst of hysterical laughter.
I've told a few people about this and the only one who sees the humor in my situation is the person who was with me.
Part of me wants to feel guilty for my behavior, but A: I feel guilty for everything and I'm trying to stop that, and B: as someone who's been severely depressed several times before, it's refreshing to feel as happy as I do and to have the ability to laugh uncontrollably.
I spent Wednesday with Hannah at the water park portion of Knight's Action Park.
The lazy river was my favorite, though I highly recommend the blue and red waterslides.
The blue one is a speed slide and because it's enclosed, it's very disorienting; my swimsuit at least partially came off every time I went down and the awkward landings can be quite painful, but it's totally worth it.
The red slide was just, fun!
On Wednesdays they offer an awesome discount where, if you bring a CVS receipt, it's buy one get one free admission.
$30 for two adults is a GREAT deal!
Also on Wednesday, I had Steve cut 11" off of DeShanee's mosaic.
I'm now more than half-way done with the tiling portion of this project.
It's really hard to not post photos as I progress, but I'm keeping the details under wraps for Dee.
This is the most detailed photo I've been able to post.
Everything before Wednesday is a blur.
I uploaded all of the pictures on my camera and there's nothing too amazing going on there.
I did notice that since I got an iPhone, I stopped taking photos with my camera.
Which brings me to ask....
What photo-sharing service do you use?
I mostly use twitpic, but I hate that they have a legal right to use, modify and use again, any photos I take.
I want to own my photos.
I do like that I can grab the html for my photos to put them on my blog, which is my one complaint about instagram.
Sooo, what do you recommend?
I know it seems rather macabre, but it's one of the most serene and peaceful places I've ever been.
On one hand it's cared for by people who love it, and on the other, it's graffitied and vandalized by people who couldn't care less.
Today is beautiful and serene.
The sun is shining, the wind is blowing and I can see for miles.
Im at Eagle Cliff / Miles Cemetery, standing at the edge of a bluff overlooking the farmlands of the Mississippi River floodplain in Illinois.
Some of my earliest memories involve a strong attraction to this cemetery, a place which I enjoy visiting to this day.
As a child I remember riding in the back of my parents car, looking up to see a curious stone mausoleum jutting out from the trees at the top of the bluff.
It looked mysterious, it felt special and I loved it.
I wondered about the people who were buried there.
Who were they?
What kind of life had they lived?
What happened to them?
The cemetery is filled with local families, farmers, war heroes and everyday folk alike.
Constructed in 1858, the mausoleum once housed Stephen W. Miles and ten of his family members.
Its 56 vaults now stand empty.
As a teenager I heard outlandish rumors that the cemetery had been plagued by jewelry thieves and vandals, and that it was once a place for satanic worship.
Later I learned those rumors are true.
In the 1960s, a group of hippies removed the bodies from their individual vaults and burned them as part of a seance.
Outraged by this horrific incident, locals sealed up the mausoleum and today cinderblocks fill the arched window frames where beautiful stained glass once stood.
Nowadays, visitors are permitted to go inside the mausoleum and view its emptiness disrupted only by painted effigies of James was here and Tom loves Tina.
After many visits its become clear the mausoleum is an ever-changing canvas of graffiti for bored teenagers; soon after the stone is cleaned a new spray painted design will appear in its place.
Undeterred, volunteers work hard to wash away the graffiti, maintain the cemeterys lawn and repair toppled and weathered grave markers.
Hoping to unravel the mystery, preserve history and keep the cemeterys legacy fresh in our minds, their efforts have been met with success.
Eagle Cliff / Miles Cemetery has been restored to the peaceful place it once was, offering a tranquil environment for one to reflect upon and contemplate life.
Father's Day ads are clearly not marketed toward my our Dad.
He is a Boilermaker, a Skilled Laborer, and the farthest from anything represented in the typical Father's Day Buy This advertisement.
I live at least 100 miles from my family.
My Dad and I haven't seen each other in a few months.
His only day off is Sunday - and Sundays are my Wednesday.
He spends his Sunday running errands to prepare for 6-tens.
I work on Sundays.
I spend Wednesday my Sundays doing the same thing as him - mowing grass and pulling weeds, doing laundry, cleaning, preparing meals to eat leftovers during the upcoming week, etc. We were both off work yesterday so I drove to Hannibal Palmyra where my Dad is working and has been living in a camper for the better part of three years, so we could spend time together and run errands, go grocery / thrift / Lowe's shopping, pick up and put away laundry, cook dinner and so on.
In between doing that and this, the following conversation took place.
I hate keeping a secret.
I love sharing progress.
It's hard for me to not post photos and write about the mosaic I'm creating for DeShanee; we're doing an art trade and D wants to be surprised with the final product.
I'm keeping mum.
I can show you this, which looks absolutely nothing like what I've made thus far, but you can see the materials involved.
We planned to spend time on the beach.
That being the depth of our expectation made it easy to relax and enjoy whatever we encountered... even though we encountered a lot of rain in the beginning.
I've traveled with some challenging people in the past, so it was fun to have an adventure with someone who is spontaneous, willing to try new things, change plans and overall be flexible with every aspect of their surroundings.
We arrived Monday afternoon in San Juan and it was beautiful, warm, sunny and the smell of the ocean filled the air.
By the time we found a ride and made our way to Rincn, several hours had passed, we were on a different part of the island and it was raining.
Let me digress for a moment to say there's nothing like being dropped off in the dark in front of a closed hostel, in the rain, and feeling uncertain if this is correct place.
Luckily Stacey called a few days ahead because it only took ten minutes of pre-panicked investigating to discover a set of keys for us in the mailbox with a note to check in sometime the next day before 7pm.
Whew.
So it's Monday night and it's raining.
Whatever.
We walk to the nearest grocery store and pick up a few bottles of wine, sausage, cheese and crackers, then hang out in our hostel and make friends with the only other guest.
Tuesday morning is sunny, but turns to rain by noon.
We can't control the weather so we swam and played in the ocean in the rain for hours.
It kept raining more and more, so we bought umbrellas and walked the mile or so into town.
We seemed to be the only nonresidents in Rincn, world renown for its beaches yet freaking nobody was in Rincn because A: it was supposed to rain all week, B: Easter was the week before and C: Cinco de Mayo was the week after.
Horrible timing on our part.
Whatever.
We mulled over the despairing news, explored a few abandoned houses, ate good food, made friends, enjoyed our evening in the rain.
Wednesday morning we made our way to the nearest beach, swam, laid in the sand and enjoyed the sun - until it started to get cloudy.
We were both annoyed.
After a very short conversation we decided to get a car and head to Cabo Rojo for the rest of the day and then off to Old San Juan for our last night and day.
I had to stop and think about why we picked those two places; we heard good things about Cabo Rojo from that dude we met Monday night and Old San Juan was closer to the airport so we wouldn't have to spend all of our last day traveling back to San Juan.
Those were the deciding factors.
The moral of the story is: plan a little but be flexible to change; without warning, you may find yourself here.
Packing is a concern every time I travel; I don't want to leave behind something I absolutely need and I certainly don't want to drag around pounds of crap I never end up using.
Packing extremely light is an endeavor where you must be okay with wearing certain articles of clothing multiple times.
I compartmentalize my suitcase, using a bag each for chargers, bathroom stuff and bras/panties/socks/swimsuits.
This allows my clothes and shoes to fill the rest of the space and leaves room for the very few souvenirs I will bring back.
My charger bag held the cords for my phone, mp3 player and camera, as well as my gorillapod (which never got used).
[And while I did not technically bring it along, Stacey's iphone became a navigational necessity once we rented a car.]
My bathroom bag held an eyeshadow, mascara, deodorant, razor, hair ties and barrettes/hairpins, a bag of q-tips, brush, toothbrush, toothpaste and floss.
Bras, panties, socks and swimsuits went into the netted pocket in the front panel of my suitcase along with my headlamp.
I also brought along travel sized bottles of shampoo, conditioner and body wash, but they stayed in the TSA-friendly clear Ziploc bag.
The rest of my suitcase was filled with:
One beach towel.
Used countless times.
A second towel would have been nice, as my beach towel was used multiple times every day, both at the beach and after my shower.
Keep this in mind when staying in a hostel.
I also packed wet wipes and a partial roll of toilet paper.
We were prepared to have nothing, so it was nice when we checked into the guesthouse in Old San Juan and Quique handed us one roll of toilet paper and a hotel-sized bar of soap.
I brought a pair of jeans, lightweight polyester pants, one skirt and a pair of shorts and wore each about twice, though I could have done without the skirt.
I also packed one dress which I wore to the beach, wore out and about, and slept in twice.
I'm glad I brought one pair of tights which I slept in three times and wore with a mini skirt.
I wore that combo on both Sunday and Monday, but on Sunday I wore it with a pair of Chuck Taylors.
I should not have brought these shoes because they were never worn on the trip.
In fact, I've been home since Saturday and have yet to unpack them.
I only needed two pair of shoes: 
My Chacos aka sandals I could strap to my feet.
My Rocket Dogs aka a pair of shoes to wear when I didn't want to wear sandals.
In the way of shirts, I packed two tank tops and three t-shirts, which would have been awesome to realize during the trip because I did not notice two of them until just now.
I brought four long-sleeve t-shirts but two were enough.
I wore one from Chicago and the other once I got back to Chicago.
Technically I only needed to pack one, but it was nice to have clean clothes to wear home.
I'm glad I brought along my purple cardigan because I wore it every single evening.
Having a lightweight sweater was perfect for keeping me warm.
I get chilly at the slightest breeze and that might seem insignificant, but being uncomfortable will ruin a good time.
I also brought along three bikinis, but I only wore one because the other two do not keep my boobs in their designated zone.
The moral of the story is: I need to buy two more bikinis that fit.
