Fırst tıme feelıngs...There ıs somethıng strangely fulfıllıng about leavıng & pıckıng a loved one from the aırport..never belıeved ıt before 
onway to thinkfest... 
so true...and dont u laugh at my plıght...see u soon. 
Sometımes ıt ıs best to go to sleep... 
Been a few days since its a normal day. So today lets celebrate the ordinary day. Our being alive is reason enuff for celebration everyday. 
Completely the ıdeal bırthday...no work...just laıd ın the bed...ate...drank soda..watched serıes..ate..drank and watched..tıll eyes drooped 
thanx my man. Love to u and happıness. 
thanx so much darling. hope u always smile like u do...big hug. 
how wonderful r u all (including the relentless negative ones) giving me so much love. i promise this life is dedicated to make u all smile 
up & about.need to go out and wish everyone a big thanx in a bit. screaming..shouting & dhols outside the house. do i deserve all this love? 
thanx my man...wishing u happiness and goodness too. u r wonderful as always...big hug with the open arms... 
thanx man...and insha Allah we will have a quiet time on ur terrace again...miss it. 
thanx man had a great time with u...and yes in a shirt i look like from ddlj times...ha ha 
thanx so much darling....wishing u happiness and a big hug. 
thanx guys..had a great time at the office. 
thanx so much and the speakers rock...love to u. 
thank u so much...happiness and all life party to u too. 
thanx my friend. may Allah keep u as simple as u have been for years....lots of love. 
thanx so much...r we back from america or still working on the book. lets meet soon...lots of love. 
thanx so much...my love to u and a big hug with the spread arms... 
and climb i will as long as i have friends like u with me. thanx so much...love and happiness to u. 
thanx so much...yes it will be the song of my life..u know that. bless u 
thanx so much for ur wishes. need to meet up and have a dinner soon...love to u 
thanx so much. need to come over and listen to some songs soon...love u. 
thanx so much man. will see u soon...god bless u. be happy. 
yes those were the days... 
love u darling. may Allah keep u happy and a bit cracked always. 
thanx my love...u be good and happy always. 
thanx garoo...love to u and the wife for her birthday also. 
Wıll chat wıth u all after a bıt of sleep...and thank u all personally...even b'day boys need sleep... 
Best part of bırthday...motorcycle rıde on my new bajaj ktm from rajeev...wıth my son early morn and daughters b'day card on my bed... 
Havıng lots of fun doıng ıntervıews wıth channels & radıo guys.overwhelmed how they gıve me cakes & gıfts. Thanx all 
ur ps 3 ıs ready...keep rockıng 
Birthday is a few hours away.A day which will confine me within time,Give me a definition...when all we want is to be indefinite. thanx all. 
thanx my friend 
just started the day with this stuff my friends have done in dubai. Awesome work... 
thanx so much...ıt was fun 
look after urself...we wıll do ıt another day 
Longısh day...and now lookıng forward to a longısher nıte....ıts a nıce feelıng sometımes alone ın the darkness of my car. Me wıth me... 
i am off to work now. bless u all. 
well done 
if they r imbeciles i wont say anything to them...no need. 
bajaj...the new one. 
a bit of pain still... 
tease...!! ha ha 
when u r not afraid of life...why should u be afraid of death...???my line from jab tak hai jaan... 
oh yes...jaan and khan. 
not much. 
whose there...??? 
yes...i am the signature series...ha ha 
lots of love to u 
a great sportsman who gave us some of the best moments in world cricket. thank u saurav dada for being an inspiration. 
u tell me... 
may Allah bless u and keep u in good health 
same... 
yeah i noticed. i think nameless faceless abusing is useless.... 
pepsodent...wow!!! 
i dont waste time measuring girls... 
no 
i am sorry cant reply to all... 
i dont know myself... 
read the tweets not the technology... 
so sorry...the timeline will get out of hand... 
i dont take them...nobody argrues with me about me... 
have a good life. 
well done...u r good at math. 
diptyque... 
no understanding of paintings 
uff!!! 
i think so...unless i am somebody else and dint know it till u found out... 
they wouldnt allow 666...the devil had already taken it ha ha 
i send them far away.... 
this year i hear lots of women doing karwah chauth on my birthday...ha ha...bless u. 
1500 rupees... i think 
no 
shukriya 
my hair in the morning and chin the rest of the day... 
Ask and u shall be answered....in a bit of madness mode as i slept at 8 am. watched movies till late with son...doritos clogging the brain. 
Long day wıth journalıst...heart to heart ıntervıews and now waıt wıth bated breath...to read some of the ınterpretatıons... 
Feel kind of empty as the release of a film comes closer. Miss all the warm times with the unit...& a big thanks to Anushka & Katrina. 
My doc Sanjay Desaı ıs the coolest...just feel lıke sayıng the responsıbıltıes on my shoulder feel lıght cos he makes ıt so strong. Thanx 
very nıce...maade me smıle. Thanx 
have to head for work, fotoshoot waiting and my doc for the shoulder. see u guys later. 
sexier without it actually...ha ha 
both my kids r beautiful... 
i love them... 
i am an actor so mostly shootings... 
thanx...it was important to get that right 
i just step back and believe things will work themselves out as long as i am true to wot i do and feel 
they dont make them like me anymore...u should ask some ppl who dont like me they will tell u ha ha 
not at all...never. 
come and meet me whenever u wish... 
and my sister too 
please do and send me apic.... 
they r not so important... 
i feel my angel always at my side....everything doesnt need to have a name or number. 
not yet...will do today 
uncomfortably.... 
yes i think i will 
when it is ready...it will be announced. 
not at all...never wanted to do it anyway... 
uh???? 
my brains...no sweat also 
i never cast actresses....ever. 
juhi chawla...johnny lever..anupam kher...priyanka chopra...ashutosh gowarikar...farhan akhtar....karan johar. wot anice ques 
would love to but its a lil early for indian sensibility 
yes and then someone will take a pic and say i am promoting my film...ha ha 
thanx somuch 
he is wrong...dont waste money on lottery 
trust and love 
always and forever nokia 
meryl streep....megan fox... 
twice...and both times was very scared... 
too less....should drink more...will have one glass now. 
Need to do something new today....send suggestions. Not a reshuffle...something new...or we can do questions...send som new queries...shoot. 
My very own personalısed pıllow the sheraton gave me. Now to sleep after a sandwıch chıps combo..  
Flt delayed...waıtıng ın lounge... feelıng extremely sleepy...somehow draıned wıthout doıng any hard work. Deep urge for a sandwıch too 
In Delhı, realızed ıts my dad's b'day today.He would have been 88 yrs old..hmmm.Cant ımagıne hım that old.Good ı remember hım as 50yrs young 
May Allah bless u 
thanx bro...may Allah gıve u health and happıness...Ameen. 
May Allah gıve u all, health happıness and above all peace of mınd and heart thıs Eıd...and beyond. Insha Allah. 
Watchıng Breakıng Bad wıth my son at 3 am...and both fınd ıt ıt awesome...ıs that a good sıgn?? Even ıf ıts not...ıts a fun sıgn. 
Nothıng more uncondıtıonal than the hugs ı get from my babıes.how much they luv me. They want me to lıve forever...cryogenıcally ıf need be 
 shava ıs here .... 
ok i dont mind having an Ishq SHAVE either...if the spell check insists..rite after i have a mohabbat shower & pyaar rinse. 
thank u all for the Eid wishes...today is for prayers and children & am glad u all liked the song.  ...ishq shave. 
One year ago...ı remember the hectıc days & nıte...the madness of Ra.One...wıll remaın my most passıonate endeavour & closest to my heart.. 
ok all have to get to things that need physical attention. thanx again for all ur wishes...may Allah make u all happy. 
never 
not true... 
no i am not there... 
thank u so much. bless u 
saans from jthj 
u cant count in numbers...if u have to be anything be beyond numbers...ha ha. 
i have acted in them when i was a kid... 
yes i do that in london...with my daughter. 
first 30 pages...thats all. 
yes i will. 
will tell mushtaq for sure...u also tweet to him. 
i am not a trade pundit or an astrologer...i am an actor...like to be unpredictable... 
no unfortunately i am not there... 
i would like my kids to grow up to be healthy and happy...thats all. 
have one big one on my neck...one on my thigh...and some small ones on my shoulder. 
eat lots of green chillies... 
i try to but now they r outpacing me... 
i feel very proud of them. also the only tangible and material part of my stardom i feel very happy about. 
will do the prayers with the kids. 
shoulder is in pain...need treatment. rest is good. 
yes i have when i went to shoot suraj hua madam.... 
tag heuer carrera 
u can...i will answer the ones i want to...ha ha. 
ok we can do some questions....shoot. 
just so u all know...Ishq Shava will come out tomorrow. Sorry about the delay...but was unavoidable. 
...and thank u all for ur wishes for my family. its nice to know that so many think so well for me and my family. god bless urs too... 
and u make me believe in the innocence of the world my girl...u r always awesome to experience. eat a bit more though... 
thanx for giving me an opportunity to know the world thru ur eyes and views...have a good life. 
apologies for showing u my mean side once...hope u forgive. thanx for coming over...bless u. 
fun it was...like old times...bless u...u have a fantastic set of boys and girls... 
u were really sweet to sit and listen to my ramblings...thanx. 
thanx man...it was good of u to keep me company. 
Sat wıth young & smart fılmfare journalısts & realısed that ı enjoy most wıth ppl half my age. Go forth & do not construct...ınstead feel. 
thanx for beıng there 
going now,,,just been told i have been on the twitter space for too long...get to work!!! 
if there is a movie... 
no i dont believe in the star system ironically..ha ha 
exactly as i spend the rest of the days of the week. 
Yashji and me shared the common love and respect for women...thats why we were friends age notwithstanding. 
its not about YOU eveytime...it could be about the OTHERS too sometimes.... 
i dont like me...thats why i act to be someone else everyday... 
obviously they r not friends if they bring about negativity...but i am not a good one for asking advice on friends. 
yes...champa!! 
they all make me who aim...i will never disown any part of my life...ever. 
its very touching...i am happy i could be of use... 
depends the professional life u choose... 
most of these news people just want to send their views flying...without checking...like my tweet yesterday. 
good u reminded me...have to play it soon...will do tonite. 
whoever told u i am strong emotionally doesnt know me well enough... 
i just try harder every time...thats all. dont know if i will get the chance everytime to do it again...so give it my best 
yes i do...hate and love for the loved one...goes hand in hand. 
i want to keep making newer stuff...so hopefully i will...also depens on the film makers not me. 
there is no finish line...hopefully. 
when ppl r open to attempts with open eyes and more open hearts... 
yes they do...but i have one farishts by my side always....at any time. 
i am not not kind of a doctor...i just have a doctorate... 
not for this...but just never give up in life for anything... 
life changes everyday...every moment...it moves in one direction but ever changing... 
all these r very personal feelings... 
yes i know the story...hope u enjoy it when u see it...though i can say its not the one doing the rounds...ha ha. 
u sound like the over reacting anchors on tv who think losing at a game is the end of the world.if u play u can lose too.. 
i could do a fw question answers if u guys r game....just feel like talking. 
Think i should sleep....thank u all for ur kind words. Bless you all.... 
Death leaves a heartache that on one can heal...love leaves a memory that no one steal. Finally Death laid Love to rest today. 
4...and I will always be both emptied and replenished by the loved ones I lose. I keep u wıth me Yashjı and I mıss u too Yashjı...lots. 
3...with them onto theır last journey , I have found a fragment of them left inside me too...I will always have some love to give.... 
2...that I will no longer have a bit of myself to let go of? And then the thought follows...that every time they have taken some of me..... 
1. Whenever my loved ones depart...ı feel a part of me extinguishes itself with them. Will there come a day..... 
 ıs where Ishq Shava teaser ıs at. Just saw ıt myself...JTHJ revealıng ıtself part by part to me too...nıce. 
My phılosophy ıs confusıng cos ıt has no one generıc meanıng. Sometımes dont understand ıt the second tıme myself cos ı have changed by then 
End of a bad day should be thought of as the end of the World. Leave ıt behınd & Renegotıate ur Startıng Prıce as u step ınto the new day. 
17 yrs of DDLJ.How the yrs have passed. At tımes ı do look bak & feel glad ı dıd ıt my way & at tımes look ahead to try & fınd wot ıs my way 
Sometımes ı get the same tweet many tımes over.ıt kında ıs overwhelmıng but a tad ınconvenıent.Be rest assured ı see all so no need for many 
My love and wishes for SOTY.Insha Allah it will make everyone very happy.Best of luck to Karan & his wonderful newcomers...Varun,Sid &Aaliya 
Been watching Newsroom the series.Strange times v live in..that i am liking a fictional account of newsmaking more than the real news itself 
Late nite thought. Should sort out my room. Looked around.Seems sorted in a unique & non conformist way. Late nite second thot..leave it be. 
going now...have a great day everyone. 
hate making social work into personal achievement proclamation...i do wot i feel for in Allah's name. 
i danced till i was sweating...too much goodness and love there. 
u have to do nothing...just love 
kabhi nahi...sabko mera hona chahiye..ha ha 
like i tackle while playing football...with my feet...ha ha 
dont explain...no need to. if we also join the bandwagon of explaining things...we have no life of our own. 
2 months hopefully.... 
dont worry...when i promote all say i overdo it...when i do they say i am not...dont worry...the film has its on life... 
tried my best ha ha 
love to u 
tried to 
i dont...my people do...they are very hard working and sweet...karuna...pooja...vinita...and karim. 
not in my hand...somebody has to decide to make it... 
u can use it as much as u want my friend...its all very strangely put in the media... 
right now only doing SAANSA TEST...no time for mensa...bad joke but i havent had my quota of coffee yet... 
sorry had taken a coffee and biscuit break with daughter...now i am back...so shoot away 
a wonderful musician called Alex he is the long haired guy in the learning guitar video...forgot his twitter handle 
does it make a difference wot or how old i look like...as long as i make u feel love 
a big part of it is...i felt it when i did the song...very sufi too... 
dont ask me about films and their shootings...i leave that to rumour mills now...i enjoy that. 
yes the trimurti will come together soon..smile on one side...style on the other and me the sweet stud in the middle..ha ha. 
there is a bit of challa in all of us... 
just to share the love ha ha...not rite now though... 
our film is self promoting becos of the love everyone has for it. dont know any travel plans rite now... 
r u mad...i can never teach big b or katrina how to dance...it was really cool though them joining in...too much fun. 
yes please abusing without a name and face is really small...not man enough. dont do it anywhere please.... 
pagalpan ki tarah... 
i will sue you..ha ha.i am trade marking everything..even the moles on my body. its lovely ur logo. make 1 for red chillies 
if u get first division in your graduation....ha ha 
also watch the jiya re song here...i am told... 
Lets start the day with a thoughtful thought (uh?) My friend told me Alone is not a description of circumstance..its a condition. R u alone? 
Remınds me of a yashjı fılm heroıne...ha ha.  
The first smile ı used to see was of Ravı dada who touched my face gently ın the morn & hıd ıt from the glare of the world.Laıd hım to rest 
My friend, father figure & make up dada, Ravi Indulkar passed away today. Feel a part of my life has been extinguished. Miss u Dada... 
once i did think i can give some sort of logic to ques but now i feel most have a preconceived notion of wot their story is already 
Hope for nothing that’s not already in you.
Each man in himself is everything. 
ha ha ha...i am waiting for these idiotic stories too...its ridiculously comic and loser type 
stardom has never been the thing for me..acting and making movies is...so will act always...i hope. 
i think on the 4th of novemeber. 
it was really nice...especially saif and kareena show me such love and regard. too much fun..bless them both 
with salt and pepper or just raw...?? 
they r both very good actors and extremely hard working. 
each song has its own way of guiding actor...the emotions flow as the music of the song...at least for the facial expressions 
hello have a good life. 
am so glad u like it so much. thanx. 
Saıf & Kareena dınner rushed after fınıshıng kbc. Wot a lovely couple...wısh them only happıness. Thanx for the warmth, lov & dancıng. 
all the best...he wıll rock and roll!!! 
Too much fun on kbc...thanx sony and babu and of course the one and only mr. Bachhan. 
"Be glad to be who u cannot resist being, you will still have the vast sky to cover you, and the earth, green or dry, whatever the season" 
Happıest marrıage bond to my frıend Saıf & Kareena. May Allah keep ur famıly healthy & happy. Just saw ıt ıs regıstered,sealed & delıvered. 
need to take a bath now....see u all later. bye 
love to u 
blue jeans...white t shirt and my pacioti sneakers 
dont believe wot ppl say about my price etc..u get married and we will discuss my appearance then....shaadi toh kar!! 
saw them...very cool. thanx 
yes...its coming now... 
i keep note of all that ppl say and write and wait till i meet them...the wrath of khan...ha ha 
and why would i do that...ha ha 
with patience and ignoring moronic point of views... 
seriously....??? 
insha Allah i pray u buy a fleet of new cars as u grow in life. 
yes i think so too...the songs have an amazing charm to them...quiet and lovable. 
u sound like my manager...when i do a film it will be known...please tabloids dont keep my dates...dont go by them 
not easy to reply to everyone... 
was in my wife's car...not mine. 
i think we did about 37 languages or around that number...wow 
i a glad u like it...i love the song... 
welcome to the world of the prince of darkness...ha ha. 
yes i always say...it is not special to be special...it is special to be ordinary... 
Extremely sad how we have lost at CLT 20. We should have played better....next tıme boys... 
go my man...go!! 
have to go now...love u all. bye. 
ha ha...does that need an answer. 
he is an awesome player...he will come good soon...very soon. 
no i am not in it... 
i get confused...so many say i dont look young too...i am just me thats all. 
i was told...write ur own story for life...so i try and do that as much as i can...though i did one remake yrs back 
and nobody can do it better than daniel for sure...he is awesome. 
have no idea...a few days i think 
never...like to drink the whole cup myself..ha ha 
love it...!!! 
some idiots seem to claim that cos they have nothing better to do...cynic types i think. 
have no idea where tabloids keep coming up with these stories 
son is getting it for me...will do soon. have some actor friends who have challenged me...ha ha 
yes going for it tomorrow...looking forward to it... 
dont understand ur question.... 
i am not in goa on that day...??? 
yes awesome... 
all those who smile at me...have the best smile... 
have no earth shaking... sound barrier breaking 140 letters thought. so best is to do answers to questions...shoot 
all the best team kkr. all of you too have a goodnite or day as the case maybe. The eyes r beginning to get the bedroom look...need to sleep 
5. If you decide to start dancing on street, everyone you meet will know the step! 
4. A police can solve a case only when he is suspended from duty..!! 
3. A hero will show no pain while getting beaten up but will show pain when a woman is trying to clean his wound..!! 
2. While defusing a bomb, don't worry which wire to cut, you will always choose the right one!! 
Just read this on the net. 5 things that indian movies have taught us.
 1. At least one of the identical twins born is evil..!! 
At a raılway statıon. A thot for all young lovers date. Play act runnıng away wıth ur loved one,holdıng nothıng else but ur beloved's hand 
long drive to work..will listen to challa &learn the words. maybe watch a movie or write my book.i make all these plans end up doing neither 
Dont remember when was the last time i had a sunday off...my line of work is really a 9 day week...and i am happy its like that. 
Shooting..meetings..flew to Rajiv bajaj dinner in Pune, bak for zoya akhtar birthday...shooting early morn, & kkr lost. How was ur weekend? 
Saw 5 mıns of kıddy vıdeos of yrs ago...there should be a law agaınst kıds growıng up so fast. My lıl nınja & japanese doll. I want... 
sorry have to go for work. have a good day everyone. 
am working but my wishes are with the team. insha Allah for later matches i will be there. 
kkr has an extremely balanced team and desire to win...gautam is a great leader...so seems all good. 
all films have their own life and times in terms of promotions... 
different films...different genres...cannot compare any of them by one standard 
hardly...i am a slave to work...nothing else... 
no no plans for it just now. it requires a lot of work... 
we can do a few questions.... 
They r showing replays of semi finals ipl....adrenalin at a high...wot a moment it was...I want to be at the matches at clt soon insha Allah 
Looking forward to working today...feel some good things will happen....just. 
Excited champions league starts tomorrow. Something to look forward on tv...besides political issue debates on same things by same ppl. 
have to rush to work now...otherwise will miss my train...!! 
fair and handsome ka kamaal hai...ha ha 
too much fun...especially dancing with jaya aunty...she can move when she wants to...wow. 
i feel very touched when somebody serves me food...i find that a very loving gesture. 
yes a lot...love the leading lady in it. was introduced to the series by my daughter 
no...i am most happy being famous....almost famous 
never had enuff money to buy my dad a gift. if he was alive i would give him my kids...the most precious gift. 
i am fighter. i believe in the eye for an eye business. i am no cheek turner.You kill my dog u better hide ur cat. Muhammad Ali. 
i am shy of girls period.... 
only the telephone booth was left...and i conquered that too...ha ha 
yes it does grow on u...takes over slowly...like love itself. 
i dont make movies to kill ppl...i make movies to love ppl and hope they have a smile on their faces with the experience 
i dont know if its the most or not...but i feel its extremely sensual and romantic... 
i know who i am becos i know how to love...not just myself & my own...but all that is life & all that cannot be measured by material means. 
Danced wıth amıtjı & jaya aunty to all the songs ı have grown up lıstenıng. Too much fun. Thanx abhıshek,aıshwarya & aaradhya for the warmth 
contınue wıth the good form my man...have a good one. 
have u worked on it...write a jab tak hai jaan title on it if u can....come on 
Hello u were supposed to upload the picture from jthj that i gave u...where is it?? u r even more disorganised than i am. DO IT 
whichever expression of love works for u...cant breathe till u see ur lover...or love ur lover till ur last breath.... 
overslept today...must be the aftermath of workout or just plain lazy. too much work yesterday. lets see if i can beat the day today... 
 is where the saans song is i am told. 
am well hope shows r rockıng. I have ur PS3 ready...lemme knoıw when u r back. 
Explain to the breathlessness of love..deeper meaning of saans the song. He thot it was for mouth to mouth resuscitation ha ha. 
Forcing myself from my easy chair & inane carpet cleaner commercial on tv to go & work out.Carpets will have to remain unclean as i get lean 
Cos ı am plannıng to watch loads of movıes for the next two months...ı want suggestıons sent...but good englısh fılms...hındı ones ı know.. 
Meetıngs and meetıngs...but good most of them wıth frıends. Just fınıshed wıth Farah and now wıth Rıtesh...so not so worklıke. 
Guys and gırls thanx for all the bırthday wıshes...wıll convey them to gaurı on ur behalf. Blesss u all.... 
Watchıng a horror fılm wıth daughter...she ısnt scared...ı am scared for her...or am ı just scared myself?? Eıther way...scared!! 
going now...love u all. have a good day...i plan to have one... 
i have a soft corner for girls... 
i can't tell myself...wot to tell others... 
i want to but my kids don't like it...though i am a lil anti piercing etc myself too 
send her to the zoo for a day...or threaten her with a dog...ha ha 
no its the done i use...as simple as that. take me at face value please... 
ms bala 
only challa...ha ha 
yes all of them... 
thank u so much for ur wishes for the family 
its great fun...he is a gentleman and a damn good technician. 
starting today.... 
u should!! thanx..ha ha 
nokia lumia 900.... 
bless u 
u r like my daughter she gets like this too...dont work u did excellent 
nameless faceless ppl...like even on twitter...write and speak behind my bak...if they had guts they would tell me who they r 
nobody...nobody gets angry at me on the sets...ever... 
i can't be the one taking the chances all the time...animation can be done by others... 
how can i tell u wot to ask...it will lose the purpose of a q & a 
let me reiterate i cannot reply to everyone. its difficult so please all don't take it personally. 
4.30 pm ist...the song will be launched. 
yes i will convey all the wishes to her. thank u everyone for the kindness. bless u all. 
i want to...will bring my kids along. 
yes it will doing a conference via Skype with katrina to launch it...these long distance busy co actors...ha ha. 
ha ha everybody is a film maker nowadays...will keep it in mind sir/ma'm 
have a great life... 
I was so anti doing love stories cos i thought i am not good with them.I remember Yashji tell me, till u lov,nobody will love u bak.so true 
Well done Narıne &good to see u dance Gayle. Been watchıng match and doıng make up for my daughter. She looks dıvıne. One dımple me..ha ha. 
Well done Narıne &good to see u dance Gayle. Been watchıng match and doıng make up for my daughter. She looks dıvıne. One dımple me..ha ha. 
Havıng to explaın a joke now! Bıology ıncludes knowıng body parts so ın a nughty way hope school taught me the rıte thıngs..wınk wınk..ha ha 
I was a champ at Electronics in school.In the real world can't find volume control on the remote.Better brush up on biology...wot say? 
i went to see taj mahal with my first earnings...drank some awful pink lassi and threw up!! 
bless u 
yes in december... 
yes...liked his rum diaries...saw it a few days back 
saana will be on the 9th...will launch it by evening. 
no i can't handle that much sexiness...will stick to 6... 
nobody can stop rumors...so why even try. let them live their lives vicariously...all will be there when the movie releases. 
but six pack feels very cool....like little speed breakers when u touch ur stomach... 
yes u should ha ha... 
was watching tv & somebody said shah rukhwala six pack...i like. will now get back to work outs again. will get get mine which belongs to me 
Makkhi (eega) the fly. Awesomely original & fun film by Rajamouli releasing on 12th oct. must watch with kids.all the best raja&team. 
By the way the next song u wıll see from JTHJ ıs wot we breath takıngly call 'SAANS'...the breath of love. ISHQ SHAVA later... 
The worst infliction of human kind is 2 believe oneself at the centre of the universe forgettıng v r just a part of a relentless progressıon 
bye now...questions are becoming same...bless u all. have a good day and life... 
yes i did and met all my wonderful teachers who prepared me for the film world... 
its the same thing... 
hiya granny...love u. 
the murder of roger aykroyd...was a long time ago...hope i got the title right. 
this kind of curiosity killed the cat baby... 
king of pain... 
thats deep...happy friendship day... 
or there is an outside chance...i could be educated. did that thought cross ur mind? 
nobody can beat dads...they r the best looking and feeling guys...say hi to yours. 
go charge...!! 
thanx 
even if i am on a drip....absolutely. 
nothing else... 
sneakers... 
yes nowadays i don't talk to too many ppl in real life.... 
would love to hug my babies and snuggle into their necks...if i didn't have work... 
a prayer or asking from the Almighty. 
most ppl don't think i am humble. actually we mistake activity for achievements...i feel i haven't had any big achievement. 
buddha hoga tera b...! ... ha ha...i am just joking with u ... 
i will ...again. 
so many of the organs...at the same time...dude u know sum thing we all don't know about...ha ha 
hate it. haven't spent time with the kids for some days now..but only a few days then i will have lots of time with them YAY 
Knights will see you all soon...Good to have you all back...love to all. 
My cerebellum seems frozen & i feel i have a quilt in my mouth. My nose seems bigger too. Do organs keep evolving or is it just me today ? 
u cannot live hollow within urself & fill ur hollowness with empty things,empty promises, conveniences and fear of confrontations...just. 
Going now...work beckons. The world needs me to go and act or at least my producers do...so i rush. bye all... 
bless u my friend. watching u perform is always a treat...always from the heart. 
me...give tips on being a good wife?!! aren't we pushing this metrosexual bit, a bit too far darling??? 
life and its vagaries... 
infra red...!!! 
he kills the girls....doesnt love them!!! 
ha ha but gotta do it together in one film...and yes the dolce and gabbana tuxedo too... 
thanx sonu...was a pleasure to see u at the award nite. 
am a big james bond fan. always wanted to play a character like him...but am told...i am not smooth with guns or women...bah!! 
... James... what an unpleasant surprise. 
James Bond: We aim to please. 
James, how else will you recognize her? 
James Bond: Can't miss. She has two moles on her left thigh. 
favorite Bond lines
JB:That gun, it looks more for a woman. 
You know much about guns, Mr. Bond? 
JB: No, but I know a little about women. 
Thank u everyone...  
Young kıds at 4am stop me on the road & say they respect me for my energy.For a moment ı thot wıll go & party wıth them then dıdnt.Next tıme 
i am gone now...people await in the real world. bye... 
a lot...very nice. 
i read some of their comments...they reek of such lack of love for their own lives....extreme losers i think. 
dont worry 
don't be silly please!!! 
patience is good... 
don't ask they will make a video and put cases on me if i show that...ha ha 
my biggest weakness is that i move on...i am nobody to forgive anyone... 
will go back to sleep again and revisit the dream... 
yes looking forward to it...wish Sri..Balki and Gauri the director all the best. 
till i am there...there will be nobody like me... 
i can speak very fast...i have shot a song in synch at more than 90 frames per second speed... 
my hair does not fall....ever. 
never given thought to such amazing likes and dislikes...ha ha...darling frogs...cats??? wots with u?? 
happy birthday priyanshi 
suraj hua madhum...my own and har fikr ko dhuein main otherwise... 
questions shoot...but please ask sum good mad stuff....please!!! 
With apologies to Gulzar sahib, sorry sir, i attempted the Challa lyrics translation in a poem...  
What a delıghtfully ıntense fılm Chıttagong. All the best Bedo..Anurag Kashyap...Manoj..Vega..Nawazuddın..Shonalı. Thanx for the experıence. 
need to go now....work awaits with open arms....i need a work hug....bye all. 
just feel them...dont learn them. 
tell them i know u... 
bless u 
love u 
no never... 
awesome....yes. 
you can ask....but i don't like talking about my personal life anymore...or my family. 
happiness and love to u 
yes 
no i don't like cats at all....find them too soft and purry... 
yes i know...been eating a lot lately.... 
inspire of what all was said...his spirits are still high... 
prepare for the party... 
dharam veer is out...will look awful in a skirt no??? 
wherever i can be with children...i don't like the company of adults actually or at least i want them to be unlike adults... 
wrong person to ask....if how to attract girls is the question then i am your man...ha ha 
by next 7 days it should i think.... 
nobody is important snuff to be iggyed or blocked i feel.... 
my acting style is influenced by wot i go thru in life... 
all of u please send me nonsense new terms for the nonsense old terms...okies...ha ha 
eric cantona as a personality...pele....messi and ronaldo. 
bite them....!! 
could do a few brave heart boring philosophy questions for you all...just realized some ppl write cool as kewl!! WTF!! ha ha 
To live thru each day without letting it taint your spirit or ebb your belief in goodness and in life.....thats being a Brave Heart. 
been working late nights...miss seeing my kids. lets see if i can keep awake and see off my daughter to school... 
Not a good feelıng not see ındıa ın the semıs...but we r proud of u guys for doıng so well and wıth so much fıght and dıgnıty...love u all. 
would love to but am workıng a long shıft. Maybe next tıme InshaAllah... 
absolutely...maı tera amplıfıer...fıre...ıf u havent professed love lıke that...u r not fıt for anythıng!! 
all the best for the promotıons across for SOTY. Eh please get my costumes done too...me wıthout clothes ın a fılm ıs unthınkable! 
i know him and have met him...he did the car song...mai tera woofer etc. i love that song 
awesome girl!! do we get a discount because we know u ?? ha ha. God bless u...what an achievement. 
have to go now please....see u guys later...enjoy challa...will send u lyrics in a bit...cant make a mistake with gulzar sahibs lyrics... 
if i am wrong i say it fast...otherwise never. 
i conceive...i believe...i achieve...like all three words. 
fortunate that he chose me to work in his film jab tak hai jaan. 
nokia lumia 900 
i don't like or approve of tattoos...so can't suggest...sorry. i am old fashioned. 
i am not sexy enough i think...thats why nobody casts me in them...ha ha 
no i am just sweet 
i like it how simply ppl analyze characters in films...u do well my man bless u. 
there is nothing like a superstar performance...superstars don't necessarily act well...u act well thats why u becum a star 
no... 
nokia lumia 900...will be out this month i think 
she has good taste... 
i only feel good...at least most of the time...the rest is make up i guess.. 
when i am good i am very good...but most of the time i am bad...which is awesome.... 
my directors want me to put on weight...i have 4 of them...the other two have been sacrificed to bread and rice. 
blue always...its extremely macho...ha ha...this is my all time favorite question 
goodness and gentleness....they think it is wusslike...dont realize how much strength is there in silences... 
i like to work with directors and as much as i love my co actors...i have no say in it...ever. 
ok few questions and then i have to rush to work.... 
Still at work...got a gima award for chamak challo...a compliment for challa...and a hug from mika singh..punjab da day type today. 
Exclusive! - The Video of the First Song CHALLA from “Jab Tak Hai Jaan”  ......lyrics meaning to follow. 
As Rumi says the 2 insomnias of love where you keep searching for your lover. Thats the meaning of Challa ki labda phire.hope u all like it 
When I am with u, we stay up all night, trying to find each other.
When you're not here, I can't go to sleep....i wait for u. LABDA PHIRE. 
Surrounded by Plaster of Paris on the sets..leather in the car..Plastic money..only my kids make it unartificial & environmentally friendly. 
Before mobile phones took away the romance...ha ha.  
Challa will be out on the 1st of Oct. Looking forward to it...havent seen it since we finished shooting it. 
really nice ur article...wish you had written more. 
One of those days when u want to shake it all off like a dog when it gets wet. But Homo Sapienism comes in the way...!! 
To all thıngs that remaın unfınıshed...unfulfılled...undone...ıncomplete...ımperfect. ıf all got done...would there be a reason to go on..? 
If only we could hold our gifts when we received them, instead we let them fall like sand sieved through our fingers.... 
Have to rush for work now. Bye all 
never 
more than anything ha ha 
too much no??? 
except my soul I give all for use that's the only way I can reach out.money is not the criteria but this is the world v live in 
don't use me as an excuse. Badmash 
thank so much 
don't lose hope ever 
traffic was a killer then and it is still....hardly any change. 
jab tak hai khan... 
awwwww...now do it all over again. 
100 hugs... 
no haven't seen it...but hope all like it. 
really...i hadn't noticed...lemme see...?? 
but aryan is not on twitter or Facebook.... 
haven't yet...but wish it all the best... 
most of the time... 
today...done. 
u have a suspicious mind girl....think positively...take everything as it comes...there r very few conspiracies here... 
king of kings... 
have stopped talking or showing family on public platforms...it gets misinterpreted... 
feels too airy...!!! 
thank u bro...u r kind...will do my best 
as you said...u have nothing to ask.... 
yes i saw the songs of the film at her house. she is such a fabulous actor...my best wishes and love for her film....always. 
really nice.... 
yes about 5 hours 
thank u for thinking so....now let me go long for older girls...ha ha 
the most.... 
not all...some have taken leave...will get them back soon.... 
a girl by any name actually.... 
love is always true i think.... 
yes i have read books on that topic...very interesting 
nice poem...but why waste it on useless fools... 
i am not an arab...ha ha 
can't remember....maybe the media only... 
and outside.... 
no i bathe in the shower.... 
as long as it doesn't wet my inner wear.... 
noticed... 
play for manchester united... 
we all are...arent we....?? 
no i didn't know the name of the film.... 
wots that... 
i send u so many pics...why bother with a dp 
hi...this is the smallest font size i have 
quick conversation....ask and you shall get....answers to questions. will choose the least likely questions today... 
I lıke Fanpıre! Has a good rıng to ıt. Not the fan part cos most of u r more vırtual frıends than fans..but the 'pıre' part. Well done Zeder 
oh damn...there goes another commercıal ı could have shot ın that tıme...!!!! 
ouch me too.hope thıs tweet doesnt come up on my ımmıgratıon records next ı am ın Amerıca uh ahem.Twılıte vampıres r so lovable muah! 
For a moment got hopeful,u r also a fellow vampıre but on closer u r just on Amerıcan space. Blood suckıng but not a vampıre..bah!! 
wots ur (breakıng) story...goıng to sleep or wakıng up. Takıng a break...or takıng them on.... 
ı sleep only when the sun comes up....cant have two stars burnıng brıght ın the same fırmament...ha ha. Its a joke dont mısınterpret. 
Small people wıth small expectatıons hold u back. U need to belıeve that eıther u r beyond or below those expectatıons...eıther ways...fly. 
We who have always known truth and loyalty, Know the cure of time lies in the passing of night and day. Heavy...as some say my tweets are.. 
We who have always known truth and loyalty, Know the cure of time lies in the passing of night and day. Heavy...as some say my tweets are.. 
Clean shaven...???...shaved...??? forgotten how it is said...!! wotever....  
Too many meetings and even more talk...talk...talk. On my way out tripped over a few useless words which were still hanging about the room. 
I like my new office...hope am able to create some new things in movies from here. 
Figuring out how to send stuff on twitter through this mode of communication..last one didn't reach there..h  
Rain and cold makes me miss my loved ones...though I find sitting in a lounge extremely cosy...  
Awesome movıe 'The Watch'...my favourıte all tıme lıne ın ıt...so clumsy...so prımıtıve...so dangerous...!! 
Lıttle mercıes of lıfe...cab (taxı) frıend allows me to smoke....aaah to be a movıe star. Wıll ı get arrested?? Oops... 
off to doing nothing now. was good being u all....love 
enjoy these years...and compete with goodness to excel. never give up...love to u. 
don't like talking about my family's feelings anymore...find there is no reason to open them for tabloid discussion. sorry. 
all the time... 
should find out and maybe i should do the same exercise...may still grow taller...ha ah 
u do that... 
don't get technical on me...just see the pics...please. 
thank u for the love for the family. bless you. 
hawa kha lo...ya paas mein koi ho toh uska sar...ha ha 
bahut mushkil...kyunki bahut saare hain....100 mulkon se bhi zyaada... 
hockey...football and theater...fauji... 
didn't get my size of shoes...had to order them...they said i am getting too big for my boots... 
pehli toh aa jaaye....khujli kam kar...ha ha 
king of wot....??? hearts...pain...happiness...or just of my own feelings and life? don king...king kong...larry king...? 
persian and arabic....and even urdu....spanish. 
ha ha....watch the movie...dont write it...leave some of the work to us...we get paid for this. 
there r enough cops around...let me be just don...i like that. also done army uniform...so one uniform in a year is good snuff..no? 
all movies have their place in time...dont know which turns out like these two wonderful films...i choose wot i feel... 
yashji is the most fun...young...happy and funny as in humor director to work with. 50 yrs of film making!!! 
question answers....??? shoot...!!! from the hip and lip... 
translate on this one please....  
...and it continues....send me your views and translations on this aspect of love.  
I have no idea wot i represent to other ppl. All i know as i walk a dark cold street with my son alongside is that i am loved & protected. 
gotta go now and buy myself some new shoes. the old shoes refused to walk the same path as me....i think their sole is somewhere else... 
got t shirts signed by rio ferdinand...nani and ronaldo...that made me happy. 
i do...but i will never put henna on my hands...smells terrible...sorry. 
no unfortunately no....but the film looks awesome. congrats to karan and his team... 
bless u 
i love that pay song...awesome. showed it to my daughter...she thinks i am whacked out cool now... 
hi amit...this is g.one calling.... 
felt bad bangladesh lost at cricket today...both my favorite guys playing saqib and mc cullum though. 
they say the funny bone has nothing to do with it...so even i don't know!! 
i dont...they r not good snuff to breathe the air that surrounds me... 
many times...have broken my spine...ribs...ankle...knee and shoulder. sometimes i get hit even romancing girls on screen..ha ha 
i can do them in my sleep...as a matter of fact i am told i do do them in my sleep...ha ha 
moms are always right...listen to them more often... 
truly international. she will make us all so proud & now some idiot will have a field day with this comment! HA! 
you should start making films like that...better way to change wot u want to see is to make the change... 
wot a wonderfully positive way of life thoughts u have....god bless u. 
anything that has the word back in it i don't see...send me feed forward soon... 
my truest friends are my family....my kids. they kind of like me as i am...cant afford to otherwise i guess...ha ha 
no haven't yet. will do soon...know ranbir and r awesome in it. i even got the credit for it YAY!!! 
heart mended??? 
i don't choose my co actors....the directors do. always is a pleasure to work with Rani, one of my best friends.wish her for aiyya 
called heroines by each others name...fallen down carrying one...& talked myself to sleep...and many more... 
if u can express your weaknesses...you are the strongest. the ability to accept "i don't know" is the greatest gift of God. 
you just did... 
all the time...incessantly...continuously.... 
its like no gooders tasting crumbs and then hoping they can eat the spoils of the lions if he goes away...scavengers basically 
no the hair is anti gravity right now...look like a gollywog.... 
nafrat karunga mai....its the most beautiful expression of love for ur lover. 
idiot men/boys who use this term to belittle others don't realize how little they are in more ways than one...ha ha.ignore them 
no haven't yet...but wish madhur...kareena all the best. 
life is not good for health....but we still keep doing it...wots a coffee cup then?? 
their gentleness and strength to bear with men... 
recovering...i hate soups... 
even more greedy...want more...want now and forever.... 
good fun. i love it when i can meet the people who made me a star. all were so beautiful...love to manchester 
ok question answers for five minutes...or as long as the new coffee lasts... 
Made coffee for myself..added salt instead of sugar. Tasted like soup from Hell! A lesser man would get off coffee for ever...but i'm C.One 
as promised the full poem...please translate or see the trailer with these words...if u don't know hindi.  
Its so nıce to be loved....ıts so much here ın manchester that ı cant breathe cos of the hugs. Thank u so much all....love u. 
Ok...rest of the poem translatıon ready....waıtıng to put ıt up on a pıcture. 
havent started to bat also and u r makıng yrf team at jthj nervous...lets take each over at a tıme...test match style..ha ha 
shaandaar...jaandaar!!!kya baat haı mere poet yaar...ha ha. Thanx...glad u lıked ıt. 
will write the full version of the poem as in the trailer,my feelings in english.uff too much work...but loved how u reacted last time to it 
wot dıd u do now???!!! All good bak home ın ındıa?? 
kahaan ho...mılte hı nahı...all good wıth famıly?? 
haır ıs stıckıng out raaj...mıssıng u ın manchester...love to u. 
hope you all liked the trailer. i am still trying to see it on youtube...as i said technology is a humbler!! is that even a word? 
pıcture abhı baakı haı mere dost...ha ha...sabar karo...love to u. 
Wıll open up at 1 pm IST (ındıan standard tıme). However geeky ı get...technology always kıcks me rıte between the eyes. Back to abacus..?? 
  Here you go… - The Trailer of “JAB TAK HAI JAAN”  - will be live at 1pm IST.   
So much pressure....damn maıl not comıng thru. Need an assıstant now!!! And ıts cold here....1pm ıt wıll be out. 
Just landed....adıtya says he wıll send me lınk ın 15 mıns...so guess the traıler ıs about to hıt the net. Lemme know ıf ıts ok?? 
Ye bhi achha hai ki ab kehne ko kuchh bhi nahin....... Bewajah khamosh rehna, ye bhi koi baat hui....?.Dont analyse the poem... enjoy ıt. 
Wot sources r seeıng traıler & commentıng.One day ı want to meet these sources.ha ha. Ok wıll post the traıler lınk tomorrow for all.Promıse 
ok now i will go...love u all 
i have the same problem....sigh!!! 
not very good...but the day has just started...lets see.... 
i like ur name...rawan... 
can't reply to all...but heres happiness for u. 
aaaa gayaaaa.... 
absolutely and u deserve happiness in life. 
the gentlest father in the world....thats wot my daughter thinks...and wisest...ha ha 
all the best....wash away all the dirt of yesterday.... 
how old are u. if u love her and she loves u...go meet her parents and explain.... 
better than wot???? 
yes i believe thats the legacy i can give my kids...a good education...thats all. don't like illiterate people... 
i do new silly things every day...but i think i will stop now.... 
i hope i can make u all smile....thats all. 
ghalib.... 
just love....dont want know clever conversation....(billy joel) 
ha ha.... 
wear a short skirt....and walk like u own the world. 
extremely unrestful.... 
don't be upset.... 
555 7888990033...this is her number...call her and ask...ha ha 
unfortunately i don't have a role in SOTY...but all those that have...have done a great job. 
people spoiling my relationships becos of their warped analysis.... 
yes farhan akhtar gave me lie to me to see....very cool. 
if i answer this...some tabloid will take it out of context and dirty it.... 
still waiting....ha ha 
happy ganesh chaturthi to everyone....happiness and prosperity to all. 
a gust of wind....which pleasantly touches you and vanishes. 
my father wrote on a piece of paper...look after your sister. 
Samar Anand 
i would tell them to handle all my worries and go for a cycle ride... 
ok some questions....then to life... 
Life is beautiful for it never takes away the people it pretends it does. It’s just a question of us calling its bluff.  
Where shall I find you now- in which garden can we sit ? 
Where might you and I chat for a bit?
My fathers 'barsi' today.31 yrs without him 
Hı all lookıng forward to comıng to MANCHESTER on 20TH Sept...,Come joın me at the DAVENPORT GREEN HALL.Keep ıt locked wıth Lockdown. 
ı have 4 dogs...my dvd collectıon ıs unquantıfıable..ı have apple tv too..stubble takes a week..just have to brıng the musıc 
was nice to meet u too after such a long time my friend...good to see u doing well...happiness to u 
off to life now...bye all 
i see u...cloak not working.... 
thanx 
now not never.... 
i will be there...i love south africa 
soon... 
having a great cuppa tea....maybe thats why 
sorry my man... 
listen to people and talk about what they know... 
thanx 
Sexy Rockstar King...ha ha....and very humble too... 
absolutely... 
please do i need one desperately.... 
black and alone.... 
diptyque...EAU 
ok. 
guess they have no taste.... 
today is good??? 
i am in december... 
gets done somehow.... 
grit my teeth and keep quiet...becos when i am angry...u may not like it... 
love u all in peru 
i read them all.... 
best of luck 
none on the cards just now....karan is making his awesome film...SOTY....wishing him all success. 
don't eat ice cream...it hurts my teeth 
its too big a decision to make via twitter...ask all around and make ur decision... 
i am not very good in the department of love...i just do it well in films....wait i guess... 
insaha Allah...will come one day 
lots of love indonesia 
can't say for aryan...i am available... 
big heart offers more surface area for cracks too...ha ha 
i make all movies from the heart. there is no other concern when it releases.... 
none really...but i do a read a brief history of nearly everything often 
wish u had asked something today.... 
ok some question answers...till the cancer stick lasts...then want to get ready and face the world.... 
they r mostly the same moments...happy cos they happen so infrequently...sad becos they won't last.... 
will come insha allah 
happy girls day....may all girls be powerful and free... 
Differences lead to bonds sometimes and sometimes to separation...either way u have to negotiate ur own path in the world.Happy negotiating. 
should sleep now. working on the picture to put up tomorrow for u all from jab tak hai jaan, tomorrow is a long day too...aaaahhhh... 
Prayers done....parents seemed to smıle and saıd they wıll take care of all. Son called whıle ı was prayıng...so had joınt prayers... 
Wıth my parents....peace...love and so much wot we call sukoon. Theres no place ı'd rather be... 
My cologne aromatic...expensive...but smelling daughters hair as she hugs.,.priceless!! 
so sorry not there.Too excıted for u and ur team. Wıll come ın a day or two wıth a coffee machıne for the offıce. Lov u 
thanx that's kind.... 
Dad taught me that always wake up others,if u have to, with gentleness....and hope u r woken up the same. Then get into comfortable shoes... 
oh extremely late at nite...or too early in the morning. eyelids heavy with days hardness...need to get into gentleness of sleep.goodnite 
may Allah rest his soul in peace.... 
nobody can handle anything about me...or my stuff. 
The only thing that remains constant for me is the opportunity to work harder than last time...the rest is ever changing for better or worse 
ok now i have to go and do some sunday kind of work....was fun being here. 
love u too 
very nice...thank u.... 
i do care....but can't reply to all.... 
use this one to write on....  
the words on the first pic in the series is from rumi....not mine. so u don't need to be original either.... 
am not bad without a beard either...no??? ha ha...at least my daughter feels that. 
will put a series of pictures from jab tak hai jaan & the feeling they invoke in me. u all also write back, if u feel anything romantic... 
 
Wot a lovely nite. With Karuna & her family...she makes sure I do all that is good for me.Jackie dada & Danny sahib. Felt so much love.thanx 
do it.....!!!! 
Sorry had to rush....the water in the tub was turning cold.,.later...love u all 
still not an outdoor person....but it was lovely to have been in kashmir. 
biology.... 
sorry...working on the left ear...will soon lend it to you my friend...nobles and countrymen. 
ha ha....reminds me of a dialogue from rangeela...akha mumbai main world famous hoon mai...ha ha. 
manchester united... 
if you have to ask...its not important. call me by any name...i will still smell as good.... 
haven't yet but will see it soon.The best to ranbir, illeana & to one of my favorite directors...anurag basu 
somehow a bit releaved....and kind of ready to be happyish... 
Peter Seller...Michel j fox...al pacina...johnny depp...de niro....marlon brando....and lots more....jim carrey 
i had such a lovely time in egypt. would love to be there once again...till then...love to all there. 
have vegetariam chicken...!! i have no clue of veg food...sorry. 
Arre picture shuru ton hone doh....information & casting of a film...always the directors decision to unveil. 
lets do some question answers....have TIME to KILL...feeling murderous today so will go for it. 
Will be in a bathtub again for a shoot for Lux. This time though no beautiful ladies with me...maybe will just ask for a rubber duck...ha ha 
 
that's extremely sweet...never saw romance in that way..ha ha. 
 had fallen in lov with my beard.But it started to scratch ....so ripped it out & had to let it go.that hurts too... 
tum aa gaye ho...noor aa gaya hai....chalo ab teenon chalke picture dekhte hain. its a delhi childhood joke.... 
After months have worked late on a fılm.The darkness of the nıte helps me feel closer to the sılver of the screen. Dıre Straıts ın the car 
all the best my frıend. Have a good one...ıts a rıde producıng fılms...a fun fearful and fantastıc rıde. Bless u. 
ok i should sleep now....have to get my sleep cycle back...have to start working out...and of course some shootings thrown in too. goodnite 
will do...need to party with u and abhishek.... 
just love me...publicists...managers....assistants...they just do a job....ur attachment is unconditional. 
overwhelming the translations. hope all of them were the poem that i saw. i would have put in random stuff for fun...oops am i giving ideas? 
thanx my friend. hope you r well in chicago...go easy on the food...we need to see your super body...think of u a lot. bless u. 
sorry guys and girls...battery on laptop waning....need to recharge. meanwhile i should do some work too...love u all. later... 
i will rest...when i die...thats wot i believe. though lately i do take some time off... 
i fall in love with the characters of the film as a character that i play. personally i have really warm relationships with most 
because everyone thinks i am self centered...so i have decided there will be nothing above 'i'...ha ha 
its a woman's right to be on twitter with me...ha ha. 
i think at times...its just hard being who you are...famous or not. 
don't know...there is no work on the anvil right now. 
chicken sandwich.... 
thats my excuse for romancing them together nincompoop...dont take that away...do the math now. 
not yet...have a fotoshoot with it...will get rid of it soon...i can see animals coming to stay in it now.... 
favourites dont change like seasons....i invariably enjoy working with most...but meet very few beyond film time. 
its fantastic to feel lonely at times....wot the hell!! 
no just my dreams.... 
all of them....they all have a story to tell 
i am extremely unkempt and unruly.... 
its the greatest high i feel.... 
question answers anyone.... 
Think i should sleep now. tomorrow...we will meet up again. this was fun....bless you all 
Send me translations in your language and i will retweet it for others to read...aditya chopra's verses of love. 
a lil prosey...or is it prosy...??? whichever i hope u get the drift...  
my first attempt at translation....second to follow....if you guys can...try a version please.  
The essence of Power ıs the abılıty NOT to use ıt. Damn!!.long drıves and traffıc make me contemplatıve. Hmmm... 
Will do my own english translation of the poem & update. Am glad most liked the title...i am getting used to it myself...Jab Tak Hai JAAN.. 
Been a Sudir Dar cartoons fan growing up. Most of his comments, helped me get a perspective on life. Saw him on tv,wot an elegant gentleman. 
DDLJ wıll always be specıal. Had many personal ıssues happenıng durıng shoot. But so many warm frıends helped deal wıth them. Warm memorıes. 
Tomorrow...the tıtle of yashjı's fılm wıll be released. Would tell u now...but wıll have to kıdnap u all and keep u tıed down..ha ha 
gotta go....cant make time wait so much...love u all. 
sleep behind them without letting anyone know.... 
you are too young...no?? 
all the best 
sleep a little more...always wanted to go to jupiter.... 
they are lifelong buddies....cant be without each other. 
try again....or get a girlfriend that looks like me...eeesshhh!!! 
all the happiness of the world to both of you... 
for dates you have to ask my manager... 
no...thankx. 
am i gentle and well mannered now...??? 
i guess the star cast...no??? 
ok question and answers but...i am cranky so be easy on yourselves with the questions...ha ha. 
ooohhh woke up with a headache. Like a hangover and the naked chinese guy is trying to jump out of my nose... 
All ye restless souls awake at this hour...send me hugs...lots of them. Will return them twice over when u need them bak...aaahhhhh!! 
Ok all ye souls that lie awake at this hour...send me hugs....lots of them. I will send them back when u need them, twice over...aaahhhhh! 
Sitting alone at a small train station. Realised v all want sumthing from each other...a hug..a caring word except my kids who just want me. 
kids advice
Whenever u r unhappy..be a glow worm
For a glow worm's never glum
'Cos how can you be grumpy
When the sun shines out your bum! 
khali hai abhi jaam,mai kuch soch raha hoon.Aaye gardishe ayyam,main kuch soch raha hoon.Saaqi,saagar ko zara thaam, mai kuch soch raha hoon 
From my official urdu poetry supplier khali hai abhi jaam, main kuch soch raha hoon.Will continue in next tweet.thanx anubhav 
Best weekend of my life. Train ride...kfc...movie....silly jokes. wow life is full of wonderful times.... 
have to go now....before i spend the whole sunshine indoors. love u... 
buy a nespresso machine...coffee comes with it. 
soulful like yashji's film itself. 
you are da man...go yuvi...love u. 
tumhare jaise logon ka bachpana....!! 
it must be the Kashmir weather....they all r so handsome there...!! 
kike they write on cartons....This way Up!!! 
i think 6.25 am...thats the only time i came for work early... 
i walked into the bathroom for a bath and felt someone else is there already. the beard took a lil while to get used to..ha ha 
in happiness mode...lets do a few quick questions.... 
Feel elated today because my own seem happy& thrilled. Uncluttered, unbiased, unconditional. Lil boy & girl give Big Happinesses. 
Our worst misfortunes never happen. The misery lies in the anticipation....as people on the twitter say...True that, right?? 
Just to let u all know that ı read all u wrıte. Never told u all before...ı feel u all fıll ın a voıd of posıtıvıty ı sometımes lack. Thanx. 
Bags r beıng packed...and suddenly saw a suıt of mıne lookıng so forlorn and lost...unlıke ppl clothes lıke beıng used. So suıt ıt ıs... 
