Each second, Americans collectively consume 100 pounds of chocolate. 
Your body contains enough iron to produce a nail 3 inches long. 
About 32 million bacteria live on every square inch of your skin. 
These are normal people... with real super powers!  
We share 70% of our DNA with slugs. 
Over 40 million Americans have chronic bad breath. 
The tooth is the only part of the human body that can't repair itself. 
55% of all Americans have allergies! Here’s how you can fight them!  
About 4% of the world's population has sex on any given day. 
To discourage necrophilia, ancient Egyptians would let the bodies of beautiful women decompose for about 4 days before embalming them. 
Your toilet seat is actually cleaner than most of your house!  
Fans will often throw cherry ChapStick at Katy Perry during concerts in honor of her song "I Kissed A Girl." 
Jim Carrey would wear tap shoes to bed just in case his parents needed a little laughter in the middle of the night. 
You have a greater chance of catching the flu if you’re in college! Here’s how you can avoid it!  
Every eight seconds, a human life is lost due to tobacco use somewhere in the world. This equals about 5 million deaths every year. 
Secondhand smoke contains more than 50 cancer-causing chemical compounds and 11 of them are known to be Group 1 carcinogens. 
If you do an account search for “huge idiot” on Twitter, Donald Trump and Mitt Romney are within the top 5 results. 
THIS is what scientifically causes you to be attracted to someone.  
Consumers in China collectively smoke about 1.7 trillion cigarettes a year. 
According to 2007 Congressional hearings, $10 billion USD had been mismanaged and wasted in Iraq. 
Although, most gestures are learned, babies are born with the ability to smile, since even blind babies can do it. 
Sweet yellow bananas are actually a mutant strain that was discovered in 1836. 
Every 20 minutes, 1,851,000 statuses are updated on Facebook. 
The largest known turkey was the size of a dog! Imagine cooking THIS:  
Smiling immediately releases endorphins in your body, changing your mood and relieving stress. 
The increased activity in the nervous system is what causes some men to get headaches and sneeze after having an orgasm. 
Nominate for the Fastest Rising Startup 2012 Crunchie HERE!  #crunchies 
One in every eight American workers has been employed by McDonald's. 
It’s possible to become addicted to video games! Is this you? Find out HERE:  
McDonald's sells more than 75 burgers every second. 
Approximately 1 billion people throughout the world go to bed hungry every night. 
The average internet user watches 186 videos every month. 
It would take one person 1,700 years to watch every video on YouTube. 
The three most visited websites are Google, Facebook and YouTube, in that order. 
Listening to music can actually help give you a better workout! Learn more here:  
Sylvester Graham invented the Graham cracker under the impression that the taste would stop people from masturbating. 
Bayer, the company that invented aspirin, had also invented heroin originally as a cold medicine. 
The word "hello" was actually invented because no one knew how to start a telephone conversation. 
Rocks that move by themselves - They exist! See HERE:  
Americans buy about 90 million pounds of marshmallows each year. That's equal to the weight of 1,286 gray whales. 
Roughly 70% of an adult human body is water. 
The world record for the longest period without sleep is 18 days, 21 hours and 40 minutes during a rocking chair competition. 
Girls between the ages of 14-17 text on average, 100 times a day. 
Harry Potter’s name refers to a “potter’s field,” which is a cemetery in which people of unknown identity or the very poor are buried. 
Dopamine is the chemical responsible for our addiction to the internet. This causes us to constantly seek new information. 
The human brain can only remember 3 to 4 things at the same time and only for about, 20 seconds. 
You might want to learn some more about sushi before you eat it! Check THIS out:  
Gerascophobia is the fear of growing old. 
Whitney Houston was buried with $500,000 dollars worth of clothes and jewelry. 
Only female humans and horses have hymens. 
Every two thousand frowns creates one brow wrinkle. 
German researchers state that a person's risk of a heart attack is highest on Mondays. 
THIS planet has the largest volcano in our solar system! Check THIS out:  
98.6% of a monkey's DNA is exactly the same as a human being's. 
Every day, about 200 million couples make love, 400,000 babies are born, and 140,000 people die. 
Switching the first letters of 2 words is called spoonerism. For example, saying jag of Flapan, instead of flag of Japan. 
Your taste buds have hair! Take a look:  
The color blue causes the brain to release calming hormones, making it the color most suitable for studying and relaxation. 
Research says people who love and feel loved tend to live longer, have better health, and make more money. 
Syngenesophobia is the fear of relatives. 
Rhabdophobia is the fear of magic wands. 
Drinking water can help someone lose weight. This increases the rate at which our body breaks down fat. 
The next time you’re out at a bar, remember not to touch this!  
Justin Bieber is the youngest male artist to top the Billboard U.S. 200 chart since Stevie Wonder in 1963. 
The world's longest traffic jam took place in Beijing, China. It was 60 miles long, and lasted 11 days. 
The largest amount of text messages sent by a single person in one month was 182,689. 
People love bacon so much, it has it’s own holiday! Take a look at THIS:  
21% of people feel it's okay to break up over Facebook. 
In English "@" is known as the "at" symbol, but in Italian, it's known as a "chiocciolina" meaning "small snail." 
The average Facebook user has 130 friends. 
A proper handshake should last for about three seconds. 
The act of estimating a woman’s beauty based on the size of her chest is called colposinquanonia. 
Mickey Mouse was the first fictional character to ever do THIS:  
The first recorded use of “OMG” was in a letter to Winston Churchill written in 1917. 
Worrying about math triggers the same response in the brain as physical pain.  
Today is National Have a Bad Day Day! 
Before being used on people, breast implants were tested on dogs. 
“How To Watch Television, Learning From YouTube and Arguing with Judge Judy” are real college classes! Take a look:  
Daniel Craig (James Bond) actually has a phobia of handguns. 
There is one person named Glenn Coco living in the U.S. 
Snoop Dogg released a smoke-able book called “Rolling Words” - You can tear the pages out and use them as rolling paper. 
There’s a company that lets you rent grandmas!  
If the Universe reaches its Critical Velocity and begins to contract, then time will actually reverse. 
Can you believe you spend THIS much of your entire life at work?!  
Frigensophobia is the fear that using your cell phone is damaging your brain. 
Ringxiety or is described by experts as a "psycho-acoustic phenomenon" when you hear or feel your cell phone ringing when it's not. 
India has more citizens with IQ's over 120 than the total population of the U.S. 
THESE animals greet each other and say hi... by having sex!  
"Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all its letters in alphabetical order. 
Every seven years, you lose about half of your friends and replace them with new people. 
Big egos are one of the top 5 reasons behind failed relationships. 
The human eye can detect 10,000,000 different colors. 
Cats actually can't see what's under their own nose. 
Drinking orange juice can lower your risk for cancer! Learn more here:  
The proper way to peel a banana is not from the stem, but from the opposite end. 
When looking at stars, you're actually looking into the past. Many of the stars we see at night have already died. 
Lack of face-to-face social contact increases a person's chances of heart disease, stroke, and dementia. 
The colors you see in your dreams might have a meaning! Learn more here:  
If you take your age,multiply it by 7, then multiply by 1443 the product repeats your age 3 times. 
The world's most expensive bra is Victoria's Secret "Black Diamond Fantasy Miracle Bra." With 3,726 gems, it costs $5 million USD. 
"Teacher Barbie" was recalled in 1995 by Mattel because her lack of panties caused media controversy. 
In the Netherlands, it is illegal to stand next to a member of the opposite sex while carrying your underwear. 
Bras did not exist until 1913, and were originally two handkerchiefs tied together with a ribbon. 
Married men change their underwear twice as often as single men. 
41% of men prefer briefs while 12% say they prefer boxers. 
17.6 million Americans are considered to be alcoholics! Here’s why:  
Couple's personalities start to converge over time making partners more and more similar. 
Studies suggest the psychological pain of a break up hurts just as much as physical injury. 
The drop in serotonin levels in the body when in love, is what causes us to literally obsess about someone. 
90% of all music downloaded on the Internet is illegally copied. 
Flo Rida's “Low” has sold 8 million copies – the same as The Beatles' “Hey Jude” 
Fish have rained from the sky! See here:  
After 9/11, the CIA would torture foreign prisoners by playing Eminem's "Slim Shady" album.  
This man has 82 tattoos of Julia Roberts on his body. We can't see all of them.  
Lobsters have clear blood. 
In the movie "Black Swan," the sex scene with Mila Kunis and Natalie Portman takes place approximately 69 minutes into the film. 
Oren Peli, the creator of Paranormal Activity, actually has a phobia of ghosts. 
Giraffes, penguins and lions have all homosexual tendencies! Learn more here:  
If you put a piece of scotch tape over an inflated balloon and stick a needle through it, the balloon won't pop. 
In 2000, Japan named Instant Noodles their best invention of the 20th century. 
If Apple's iPads were made by US workers, they would retail for $14,970.  
Vaginas and sharks have something in common! Learn more here:  
The US government reserves the right to change and control the weather during warfare. 
Ellen DeGeneres played the first prime-time TV character to reveal she was gay. 
It’s practically impossible to sneeze with your eyes open!  
The cartoon character Bugs Bunny was given the rank of honorary master sergeant in the U.S. Marine Corps at the end of World War II. 
France has a population of about 65 million people and sees about 79 million tourists every year. 
Coca-Cola has the ability to do THIS to your windows... Should you still be drinking it?  
Tupac lost one of his testicles in a 1994 shooting. 
France banned television and radio news anchors from saying “Twitter” and “Facebook” on air. 
If Bill Gates were a country, he would be the 37th richest country on Earth. 
“Breaking Bad, Mad Men and Walking Dead” have all been called the most bad-ass shows on television! See here:  
“Futurama” is currently the most critically acclaimed animated series on air. 
The holes in the tops of pens were made to prevent suffocation, regardless of how far down your throat they go. 
Abraham Lincoln was actually a great wrestler, and beat a man with a single toss.  
Coca Cola was once sold as a medicine said to cure headaches, morphine addiction, and impotence. 
Sitting on your wallet too much can actually paralyze your leg. 
Monday is the worst day of the week, and THIS is why:  
People tend to view others who are openly embarrassed as nicer people. 
Only female mosquitoes bite - Most male mosquitoes have a lifespan of only 1 week. 
Men who watch porn more often tend to be more optimistic. 
You can workout with canned foods!  
Spongebob was originally going to be named “Spongeboy” but couldn’t because a mop product was already using that name. 
Biggie Smalls cried the first time R. Kelly played him a clip of “I Believe I Can Fly.” 
More tigers are living as pets in the US than there are living in the wild in Asia. 
Research suggests that it’s not possible for heterosexual men and women to truly be “just friends.”  
Peter B. Lewis, chairman of the Progressive Insurance company, donated over $2.3 million towards to the legalization of marijuana. 
How did Simon Cowell get started? Working on music for WWE, Power Rangers and Teletubbies! Learn more:  
Humans have the natural ability to smell fear in other people’s sweat. 
A blue whale’s penis is usually about 7 to 8 feet in length. 
People who laugh more are better able to tolerate pain - Both physical and emotional. 
It’s impossible to tickle yourself! Here’s why:  
People who are not lactose intolerant actually have mutated genes!  
Men are more interested in dating women who are taken while women are more likely to respect a man’s relationship. 
The most successful pirate captain was actually a Chinese prostitute - She had 80,000 sailors working for her. 
In Poland, spiders are common Christmas tree decorations because (according to legend) a spider wove a blanket for Baby Jesus. 
The USA is not ranked in the top 10 countries with the fastest internet speeds. 
You’re more likely to get sick at school or work than anywhere else! Take a look:  
The term “douchebag” was originally used as a derogatory word for women who had a lot of sex. 
350 slices of pizza are sold every second in America. 
Fruit flies tend to drink alcohol after being rejected as a mate. 
Pumpkins are actually berries. 
The average yearly salary for a stripper is about $125,000. 
You might be an addict without knowing it! Learn more here:  
Vampire bats will vomit blood into the mouths of sick bats to help keep them alive. 
About 56 million years ago, horses the size of ducks roamed North America. 
It costs about $10,000 to have your picture taken with Michelle Obama. 
The brain shuts down your vision when you turn your head quickly, to prevent motion blur. 
The bonobo monkey (closest relative to humans) is naturally bisexual. 
It’s estimated that there were 5 different human species living on the planet about 30,000 years ago. 
There was a dance epidemic in 1518 (during the Roman Empire) where some people danced for 6 days straight and died. 
Barack Obama has actually won two Grammy Awards! Take a look:  
Sleeping allows your brain’s synapses to be optimized and prevents your brain from becoming too large. 
Roughly 12% of the population dreams in black and white. 
It’s possible for oysters to get herpes. 
Running isn’t as good as you think! Check out there fitness myths!  
Bill Gates changed his school’s program codes so he was placed in class with mostly female students. 
8 years worth of video is uploaded to YouTube every single day. 
Women tend to have more trouble finding their parked cars than men!  
Canadian porcupines kiss each other on the lips. 
The average woman walks three more miles on any given day than the average man! Learn more here:  
In Ancient Greece, Spartan soldiers would have homosexual relationships to “boost morale” and gain a stronger emotional bond. 
Repeatedly hitting something until you get it to work is actually called “percussive maintenance.” 
This guy has the ability to turn his head 180 degrees, from the front to the back!  
White chocolate doesn’t actually contain any chocolate in it. 
Female koalas often engage in lesbian orgies when kept in captivity. 
Defenestration is a word to describe the act of throwing THIS out the window!  
Before Twitter was named “Twitter”, it’s working titles were “Status” and “Twitch.” 
There's actually a strategy to increase your chances of winning at Rock, Paper, Scissors!  
George Washington predicted the USA would only last for 20 years. 
THIS is what scientifically causes you to be attracted to someone.  
Bumble bees do a warm-up exercise before they take off. 
Deep breathing can help release tension and toxins from your body. 
The average German eats 114 chocolate bars a year - The average American eats 51. 
Your ears secrete more wax when you are afraid. 
Scientists estimate that 86% of all land creatures and 91% of sea creatures remain undiscovered. 
February 5th is National Nutella Day! Take a look:  
Mike Tyson was able to bench press more than 200 pounds at the age of 12. 
On average, more Americans are killed by falling televisions than by terrorist attacks. 
Jingle Bells was originally a song for Thanksgiving. 
Jingle Bells was originally a song for Thanksgiving. 
During Medieval times, red hair was associated with intense sexual desire and moral degradation. 
These are actually the healthiest superfoods ever!  
Students who eat a complete breakfast and more berries tend to get higher grades in school than those who don’t. 
The first Paranormal Activity movie was actually filmed in the director’s house. 
Sperm cells actually have a sense of smell. 
Are you a midnight snacker? Check out which foods won’t make you fat!  
The average American consumes 53 gallons of soda every year. 
Sugar is addictive - It’s consumption releases an opiate-like substance that our brain perceives as a reward, making us want more. 
Nomophobia (no-mobile-phone phobia) is the fear of being without your cellphone or losing your signal. 
Kobe Bryant’s middle name is Bean. 
Starfish have an eye at the end of each of their arms. 
These guys robbed a bank and were arrested for making THIS their profile picture!  
A 2010 study concluded that iPhone users have about twice as much sex as Android users. 
If ants were the size of humans, they would be able to run twice as fast as a Lamborghini. 
Girls who trust their fathers to tend to have better communication and longer relationships with their boyfriends. 
Female orgasms last about 4 times longer than males! THIS is why it might suck to be a guy:  
Coca-Cola was initially developed by pharmacists to help cure headaches. 
People with higher IQs tend to have a more difficult time falling asleep at night due to increased brain activity. 
Russia and Japan never signed a peace treaty ending World War II. 
Chainsaws were originally created as a tool to help deliver babies. 
Humans fetuses actually react to rock music by kicking. 
This animal produces MILLIONS of babies in their lifetime!  
In 4 billion years, our Milky Way galaxy will collide with its neighboring Andromeda galaxy. 
In Arizona, it is against the law to take nude pictures before noon on Sunday. 
The more you burp, the less you will fart. 
These guys became millionaires when they were teenagers!  
Human yawns are contagious, not only to other people, but to dogs, as well. 
Hugging and non-sexual contact are essential in maintaining a long-lasting relationship. 
Minnie Mouse’s first name is really Minerva. 
65% of people admit to using the internet as an escape from their problems. 
Duck semen actually has the ability to kill bacteria. 
Every 3 out of 4 people have glossophobia, the fear of public speaking. 
NASA beamed “Across the Universe” by The Beatles into space - If aliens ever hear it, it will be the first human song they listen to. 
If a Walmart employee sees you pocket an item, they are required to follow you around the store. 
Men change their minds 2 to 3 times more often than women! Check THIS out:  
Dolphins have the ability to recognize and admire themselves in the mirror. 
400 million years ago, a day was 21 hours long instead of 24 hours long. 
You can wear the same pair of jeans for 15 months, and they won't actually get dirty.  
A hug that lasts for 20 seconds releases oxytocin, which can make someone trust you more. 
Shaquille O’ Neal has a doctoral degree in Education. 
This 13-year-old boy was arrested for having a black Sharpie in school! See here:  
Studies show that people who spend a lot of time on the internet are more likely to be depressed, lonely and mentally unstable. 
McDonald’s hamburgers do not decompose - Even after being left out for 6 months!  
“Whatevs” has been added to the Oxford English Dictionary. 
In a bad mood? THIS is what you need!  
A person who hides their pain behind a smile is called an “eccedentesiast.” 
Guilty feelings actually weaken your immune system. 
Kissing someone is more sanitary than shaking hands with them. 
Jackie Chan holds the Guinness World Record for “Most Stunts by a Living Actor.” 
There are 52 playing cards in a deck to represent the 52 weeks in a year - The four suits represent the 4 seasons. 
McDonalds feeds 46 MILLION people everyday! Learn more here:  
A pregnant goldfish is called a “twit.” 
Giving birth is the second most painful thing a human can experience - The first is being burned alive. 
Today is Have a Party With Your Bear Day! 
September 12th is known as the “Day of Conception” in Russia - A holiday given to couples simply so they can have sex. 
Worldwide, the average age at which a person loses their virginity is 19! Learn more here:  
The dildo was invented about 15,000 years before the wheel. 
There is a SnūzNLūz alarm clock, that donates some of your money to charity every time you hit the snooze button. 
“Lights” by Ellie Goulding was inspired by her fear of the dark as a child. 
Sarah Carmen suffers from Permanent Sexual Arousal Syndrome and has over 200 orgasms a day. 
Internet Addiction will be classified as a real psychological disorder in 2013. 
Have an iPhone? THIS is what you need for it:  
The Nintendo Wii, Playstation and XBox are all banned in China, even though they are all manufactured in China. 
Beer and vaginas have almost the same acidity levels with an average pH of 4.5. 
People with higher IQs are more likely to do drugs! Read here:  
THESE things will kill your sex drive!  
In Assassin’s Creed 3, every victim as well as the time and location of their death were inspired by real-life events. 
People who regularly play video games are faster at making real-life decisions. 
Consuming 25 pounds of chocolate in one sitting will trigger a psychological response similar to smoking marijuana. 
This woman was arrested for calling 911 repeatedly... To thank them for their delicious bologna sandwiches.  
The viral video “2 Girls, 1 Cup” was actually just the trailer for a full length porn flick called “Hungry Bitches.” 
Memorizing the lyrics to songs can help strengthen your brain and reduce the risk of alzheimers. 
Couples were often given ecstasy during marriage counseling in the 1970’s to help strengthen communication. 
At any given time, nearly 25% of the world’s population is daydreaming about sex. 
Some people say the hardest thing they do everyday is wake up! THIS can help!  
Drugs prescribed by doctors kill 6 times as many people every year than the number of people who died on 9/11. 
Selenium and glycoprotein are chemicals which are both found in human semen - They can reduce a woman’s risk of breast cancer by 50%. 
Most people skip the first slice of bread because it simply looks “ugly” to them. 
If your parents had insomnia or other sleep problems, you are more likely to either have or develop sleep problems. 
Bubble wrap was first manufactured to be sold as wall paper. 
Dolphin’s actually form “gangs” and will assault others to show authority. 
We are more attracted to the way a person smells than we are to the way they look. 
Our negative eating habits often develop when we’re babies! THIS is what you can do to change them!  
It’s against the law to have sex with a porcupine in Florida. 
More than half of the entire world’s population is under 25-years-old. 
Male llamas have a separate set of “fighting teeth” - They are used to attack and bite the testicles off of other males. 
Some holocaust survivors died of chocolate and candy overdose within their first week of freedom. 
Coming up with a solution that actually makes the problem worse is called the “Cobra Effect.” 
Pets are beneficial to your health and can help fight depression! Learn more here:  
During the Middle Ages, being a bad musician was a public offense and lousy musicians were tortured. 
Nicki Minaj and Lil Wayne both received “Teacher of The Year” awards due to their influence over young adults.  
Herpes is actually fatal to most elephants. 
A scorpion can hold its breath for up to 6 days. 
Elephants purr like cats. 
Like Splenda? Well, take a look at THIS before you decide to use it again!  
Cute things have the same effect on our brain as chocolate and drugs! Read why here:  
The average couple does not say ‘I love you” until about 2 months into the relationship. 
A survey shows the 4 biggest things one should not talk about on a first date are past relationships, dieting, politics and marriage. 
Lemons can make you look younger! Take a look:  
The average person talks 3 times as loud when on a cellphone than with another person. 
16% of people’s cellphones contain traces of fecal matter. 
10% of people say they text during sex, while 15% say they would answer a phone call mid-sex. 
About 3.5 million texts are sent every minute in America. 
About 95 billion servings of Ramen noodles were eaten worldwide in 2011 - Enough to feed 260 million people every day for a year. 
Do you think you know what's true about sex and what isn't? Find out how much you DON'T know here:  
Lifesavers will spark when you bite down on them in the dark. 
This woman was accidentally buried alive as a baby!  
15 minutes of exercise a day can extend the average person’s lifespan by 3 years. 
1 in 20 women will become targets of stalking at least once in their lifetime. 
More than 3 million people are stalked every year. 
50% of your happiness is genetic!  
Today is National Clean Your Refrigerator Day! 
“Inmate-Connections” is a dating site for prisoners. 
Before Gangnam Style, PSY was in a Korean version of “American Pie” called “Wet Dreams.” 
Did you know Nascar and Formula One drivers can make THIS much every year?  
A man can reduce his chances of getting prostate cancer by having at least 4 orgasms a week. 
Pigeons can actually remember humans by face - If you chase one away, it will avoid you during later encounters. 
Lip biting triggers a rush of chemicals to the brain which reduce anxiety, stress and increases mood. 
During times of inflation or economic disparity in Russia, teachers can be payed in Vodka. 
Beyoncé is actually a champion at Connect Four! See here:  
Jack Daniel’s last spoken words before he died were “One last drink, please.” 
Male humans suffering from rabies can sometimes ejaculate uncontrollably up to 30 times a day. 
In Finland, the cost of a speeding ticket is determined by the driver’s annual income. 
Parrots are able to dance and move in time music - This is most likely connected with their ability to mimic and speak. 
Red Velvet Cake, tastes delicious, and is made from bugs! Learn more here:  
There are sign language equivalents of tongue twisters - They are called “finger fumblers.” 
Not caring whether or not there actually is a god is called Apatheism. 
Oculolinctus is the process of licking someone’s eyeball for sexual pleasure. 
These are normal people... with real super powers!  
More than 2,500 left-handed people are killed every year from using products made for right-handed people. 
The plural form of “vagina” is “vaginae.” 
Being ignored causes the same chemical reaction in the brain as experiencing a physical injury. 
The word “slut” was originally used to describe a woman who didn’t keep her room clean. 
King Tut became a pharaoh at the age of 9, died when he was 18, and was buried with 145 pairs of underwear. 
Marijuana can be used to treat these medical conditions!  
Contrary to popular belief, monkey actually do peel their bananas and don’t eat the skin. 
The first soup was made from a hippo and dates back to 6,000 B.C. 
During 30 minutes of sex, the average person burns about 200 calories. 
After alcohol, marijuana is the second most popular recreational drug worldwide. 
People, on average, will kiss on the second date as opposed to the first. 
Most relationships do not last longer than 5 months. 
Positive events, such as graduating, getting married and a new job often lead to depression. 
You probably didn’t know you could do THIS with your iPhone!  
The average Facebook user sends 8 friend requests a month. 
Google’s first ever Twitter post was made in February 2004, and was binary for “I’m Feeling Lucky.” 
About 1/3rd of pet owners believe their pet has the ability to read their mind. 
Fourteen billion pounds of garbage is dumped into our oceans every year. 
A french kiss involves all 34 muscles in the face, while a pucker kiss only uses 2. 
The slang term “kiss my ass” dates back to the year 1705. 
On average, humans have anywhere from 2 to 5 pounds of bacteria inside of their bodies. 
Swallowing semen can reduce a woman’s risk of developing a dangerous pregnancy condition called “pre-eclampsia.” 
50% of the time, there is fecal matter in the drinks you get from fast food restaurants! Read more here:  
Sony researchers have developed a refrigerator that only opens when you smile. 
It would take 1,200,000 mosquitoes all sucking at the same time to completely drain the average human of blood. 
James Bond has killed 150 men and has slept with 44 women since the first movie came out in 1962. 
NASA originally co-founded the show “Here Comes Honey Boo Boo.” 
Steve Jobs was the executive producer for Toy Story. 
Eating these foods can help reduce your risk of cancer!  
The British version of Siri is a male voice, not female. 
About 1 out of every 5 million males are born without a penis. 
Quagmire is a word that means soft and flabby. 
It took 11 world-class athletes and a crew of 100 people to construct THIS massive machine!  
Greek philosopher Diogenes of Sinope would masturbate in public to show happiness belonged to a man who rejected cultural norms. 
An anti-pornography film called “Not a Love Story” was banned due to pornographic content. 
A national survey of 5,000 people showed that 91% of men and 84% of women have fantasized about killing someone. 
Ghengis Khan killed about 11% of the entire world’s population. 
Honey is more effective at suppressing a cough than most cough medicines. 
How did Simon Cowell get started? Working on music for WWE, Power Rangers and Teletubbies! Learn more:  
Dolphins have been known to go on killing sprees when sexually frustrated. 
Welch’s grapefruit juice was originally created as a non-alcoholic wine for churches. 
Unicorns were mentioned in the Bible. 
Cleaning your ears and plucking your nose hairs can actually kill you! Read more here:  
If every American recycled one-tenth of their newspapers, we could save about 25,000,000 trees a year. 
Canada’s prison population rate is 1/5th that of the US. 
“Mwahahaha” and “lolz” have been added to the Oxford English Dictionary. 
Teens spend an average of 87 hours a year watching porn online. 
The Japanese word for female masturbation is “shiko shiko manzuri” which translates to “ten thousands rubs.” 
They sell protective cases for your condoms because you shouldn’t carry them in your pocket! Learn more here:  
The Japanese word for male masturbation is “senzuri” which translates to “a thousand rubs.” 
The feeling of hate is more neurologically similar to the feeling of love than it is to the feeling of fear, disgust or anger. 
The health risks of being obese are worse than the risks of heavy drinking, smoking and poverty. 
Breakfast makes you a healthier and happier person! Read here:  
On average, girls apologize about 5.2 times a day - Guys apologize about 3.6 times a day. 
Smoking can cause your nipples to fall off. 
Snoop Doggs real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. 
The fear of female genitalia is called “eurotophobia.” 
“Dora the Explorer’s” name came from the Spanish word for a female explorer - Exploradora. 
Ernest Hemingway, his father, brother, sister and granddaughter all committed suicide. 
Studies have found that women’s faces are most beautiful once a month - When they are menstruating. 
Gecko lizards drink water by licking their own eyeballs.  
So you thought sitting too close to the T.V. was bad for your eyes? THIS is something you need to see:  
We know more about the surface of the moon than we do about our own oceans. 
People who sleep less tend to crave junk food - People who oversleep tend to crave more sleep. 
Studying for 30-50 minutes at a time (with 10 minute breaks in between) is the most effective way to retain information. 
The Sims game was originally designed to be an architect simulator program. 
Medical marijuana can force cancer cells to freeze and prevent them from spreading. 
Negative emotions are more contagious than positive ones. 
You can’t hum while holding your nose closed. 
Cats can cause people to become schizophrenic! Here’s why pets can be BAD for your health:  
Cats can cause people to become schizophrenic! Here’s why pets can be BAD for your health:  
There are over 15,000 videos listed under “hit in the balls” on YouTube. 
Forgiveness is the trait that is most strongly linked to happiness. 
The earliest known use of the work “f*ck” was actually in the form of “fukkit” in the year 1503. 
The police were called 91 times during the filming of the movie “Borat.” 
A group of rattlesnakes is called a “rhumba.” 
It really does take more muscles to frown than to smile! Take a look:  
80% of Earth’s natural forests have been destroyed. 
Japan holds the record for the world’s biggest orgy ever - 500 people all had sex in the same place at the same time. 
Studies show that people who overthink tend to create problems for themselves that weren’t there to begin with. 
Déja Vu occurs when your brain tries to apply a memory of a past situation to your current one, fails, and makes you feel like its happened. 
“Ilunga” is a word for someone who will “forgive abuse the first time, tolerate it a second time, but never a third time" in Tshiluba. 
It’s possible to have your stomach removed, and still survive! Check this out:  
Ignorant people are more likely to believe they are brilliant, while intelligent people are more likely to underestimate their abilities. 
People who regularly complain of boredom are 2.5 times more likely to die of a heart-attack or stroke. 
Studies show that the average dog has the same intelligence as a 2-year-old child - They can understand up to 250 words and motions. 
Optimistic and positive people are more likely to live longer! Learn more here:  
Kissing causes the body to release high amounts of oxytocin, boosting your mood and lowering levels of stress. 
Orgasms can help lower a woman’s risk of heart disease, breast cancer, stroke and depression. 
Before breast implants were perfected, other materials used included ivory, ox cartilage and glass. 
About 8,000 men underwent breast reduction surgery in the U.S. in 2008. 
70% of teens say bad breath is an instant turnoff. 
While performing surgery, a doctor had an emotional breakdown and cut off his patient’s penis! Read more here:  
Triclosan, the active ingredient in antibacterial soap, has been known to interfere with sex hormones in humans. 
The IRS is immediately notified whenever you, or anyone else, withdraws $10,000 or more from the bank. 
In 2010, 258 people killed themselves at work. 
These are 7 reasons why you SHOULDN’T have sex!  
Every second of every day, 28,000 people are watching porn online and spending $3,000 on pornographic materials. 
Studies show that people who spend more time on the Internet are more likely to develop social problems and self-esteem issues. 
An Internet addict is someone who spends more than 6 hours a day online, not doing anything important, for 3 or more months at a time. 
Foods like donuts and bacon are addictive! High calorie foods overload the brain’s pleasure center - The more you eat, the more you want. 
Regular consumption of processed meats (bacon, hot dogs, ham, sausage, etc) can lead to a higher risk of prostate cancer. 
Yes, Pirates are real and THIS is what you didn’t know about them!  
May 25th is International Planking Day. 
Coulrophobia is the fear of clowns and Santa Claus. 
There is a book titled “Everything Men Know About Women” - It is filled with about 100 blank pages. 
After reading THIS, you might think twice about going into another pool!  
In the last 3,500 years, there have been only been about 230 years of peace throughout the civilized world. 
Cleopatra's last name was Ptolemy and she was Greek, not Egyptian. 
As time goes by, humans are losing intelligence!  
Pepsi's original ad slogan, "Pepsi Comes Alive" translated into Chinese as "Pepsi brings your ancestors back from the grave" 
Male boars excite females by breathing on their faces. 
Did you know THIS about alcohol?  
McDonald's uses sodium phosphate, a laxative, in their creamer. 
Pumbaa from "The Lion King" was the first character to fart in a Disney movie. 
There is an actual condition called the Tetris effect. This causes you to see Tetris shapes even when you are not playing the game. 
The color of your urine says A LOT about your health! Learn more here:  
Ouija boards seem realistic because of the Ideomotor effect -- Humans subconsciously make movements; The board doesn't actually move. 
Laughing, crying, and yawning are all semi-contagious because they are social cues -- Ways of strengthening the bond of a group. 
It is legal for 1st cousins to marry in Utah, as long as they are both 65 years of age or older. 
The girl who voiced Lilo from "Lilo & Stitch" was also Samara (the creepy long- haired girl) from The Ring. 
Oprah Winfrey is chiclephobic - She is scared of gum chewing. 
The U.S. Government banned Furbies in 1998! Learn more here:  
Every May, there is a Masturbate-A-Thon! An event where people gather to publicly masturbate in an attempt to raise money for charity! 
Just like humans are left or right-handed, elephants are either left or right-tusked. 
Studies show that people who feel lonely are more likely to take longer showers and longer baths. 
42% of the raw chicken you purchase at the supermarket is contaminated with bacteria that causes food poisoning. 
Organic and nutritious food actually costs about 10 times as much as candy and junk food. 
Couples who dance together tend to have stronger and longer lasting relationships. 
The Argentine Lake Duck is known to lasso its mates with its penis and trap them. 
Worldwide, the average age at which a person loses their virginity is 19! Learn more here:  
Listening to music while working helps to create a positive mood, and helps you to become more productive. 
Squirrels purr like cats. 
Charlie Sheen once purchased 2,615 tickets to a major league baseball game just to increase his chances of catching a home run ball. 
Over $43 billion worth of unopened, edible food is thrown away in the U.S. every year. 
2.84% of the world’s yearly deaths are intentional (suicide, war, violence), while 3.15% are simply caused by diarrhea. 
It takes about 7 seconds for your nipple to get hard after you flick it. 
The average friendship lasts for about 5 to 7 years. 
After pandas mate, the females chase the males out of their territory and raise the cubs on their own. 
The Science of Harry Potter, Underwater Basket Weaving and Cyberporn and Society are all college classes! Read here:  
Teens, on average, spend about 87 hours a year watching porn online. 
In attempt to enhance his sexual performance, a man once injected cocaine into his penis - It then fell off. 
In Madagascar, it is common for boys to be circumcised when they are 5 years of age - Then, a member of the family eats the foreskin. 
Babies that are 4-6 months old naturally know how to swim - This instinct disappears after that time and they need to be re-taught. 
Chocolate contains a small amount of a marijuana-like chemical called anandamide - This directly affects the brain’s pleasure center. 
One of the most common nightmares is of a person getting chased! HERE’s what you didn’t know about them:  
Playing with puppies and kittens relieves stress and can help students perform better on exams. 
Magic mushrooms (psilocybin) can make you permanently more curious, creative and inquisitive.  
Studies show that men who help their wives with household chores are happier and tend to have more sex. 
These students were suspended from school for Tebowing! Read here:  
A human head will remain conscious for about 15 to 20 seconds after being decapitated. 
Statistically speaking, you are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider. 
The fear of vomiting (Emetophobia) is more common than the fear of death (Thanatophobia). 
People are more likely to commit suicide on Monday than any other day of the week. 
You are 20% more likely to have a heart attack on Monday than any other day of the week. 
Blood sucking leeches are being used to help the body heal! Take a look at THIS:  
The average worker is only productive for about 3.5 hours on Monday. 
The best ways to get rid of the Monday blues are watching TV, having sex, and online shopping. 
Studies show that 50% of employees are late to work on Monday and spend about 12 minutes complaining. 
THIS is what scientifically causes you to be attracted to someone.  
Magnum condoms are actually designed for most men to fit into and their purpose is to provide an ego boost. 
Chimps are given human birth control pills in zoos. 
There are an estimated 30 million Facebook accounts of people who have already died. 
Elephants are actually terrified of bees and mice. 
The word “nice” originally meant foolish or stupid. 
The feeling of love can literally, make you high and cause a state of euphoria! Learn more here:  
Marvel Universe has created over 9,000 superheroes and other characters within the 74 years its been publishing. 
Most people do not smile until about 11.16 on Monday morning. 
The fastest speeding ticket ever issued was for a guy traveling at 242 mph. 
Children who were fed junk food tend to have lower IQ’s later in life! Learn more here:  
Pocahontas was 11 years old when she met John Smith - He was 28. 
Jaleel White, the actor who played Steve Urkel, was also the voice of “Sonic The Hedgehog.” 
Studies show that living abroad, drinking vodka and meditation can all make you more creative. 
Women tend to take longer when making decisions, but are more likely to stick with them as opposed to men. 
In the 1950’s, people laughed an average of 18 minutes a day - Currently, we laugh an average of 4-6 minutes a day. 
Approximately 450 people die from falling off their bed every year in the U.S. 
In 1994, a woman named Lucy Moro was found guilty of manslaughter after kicking her husband in the balls and accidentally killing him. 
If the entire population of China walked past you in single file, the line would take close to 100 years to pass you. 
There are about 1,400 species of bacteria living in your belly button. 
THIS man was slowly turning into a tree!  
Snoop Dogg runs a self-funded football league for at risk youth in Los Angeles. 
Male dolphins flaunt their authority by forcefully raping other male dolphins. 
“Derealization” is a dissociative phenomenon that causes the external world to feel dreamlike - 74% of people have experienced it. 
Some species of birds have been known to hold “funerals” for their deceased. 
Research suggests that pretending not to miss someone actually tricks our mind into focusing on and missing them more. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about your dreams!  
The brain receives about 40,000,000 pieces of information every second - Only 40 of those are actually consciously processed. 
By the time we die, we will have spent over 6 years of our lives dreaming things we can’t remember after we wake up. 
In the U.S, there are more cellphones actively being used than there are people 
Ben & Jerry’s uses alcohol as an ingredient in making their ice cream. 
Judge Judy is one of the highest paid television personalities - She earns about $43 million a year. 
The average male spends 43 minutes a day staring at 10 different women. 
It was illegal to possess pornograhy in the U.S. until 1968. 
Have a cat? This is why they might be dangerous!  
Neophobia is the fear of new foods or new things. 
Peyton Manning made 13 times more than the president did last year - And he sat out for the entire season. 
Cheerleading accounts for more athletic injuries than any other sport - Averaging a total of 20,000 to 30,000 a year. 
There is a magazine catered for Catholic Priests and Deacons - It’s called “The Swag.” 
Every search inquiry you make is stored in your Google account, whether or not you clear your browser history, or use private browsing. 
Cold showers are healthier for you than hot showers. 
A man’s cognitive function is impaired when interacting with women - Even the thought of interacting with females affects the male brain. 
The same part of the brain that responds to fearful situations also responds to anxiety caused by math. 
Defenestration is a word to describe the act of throwing THIS out the window!  
A male lobster’s bladder is located in it’s head - When 2 males fight, they squirt each other in the face with urine. 
At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse!  
"Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia" is the fear of long words. 
These are normal people... with real super powers!  
Google actually makes more money from Apple’s iOS than it does from the Android. 
If Walmart was a country, it would be ranked as 19th most powerful due to its economic status. 
“Flo” from the Progressive Insurance commercials makes about $500,000 a year from them. 
America exported $124,021,998.00 worth of dairy cow semen in 2011. 
If a woman had a third nipple during the 1600’s, she was identified as a witch. 
THIS woman weighed over 1,000 pounds!  
In 1970, Americans collectively spent about $6 billion on fast food - In 2006, Americans collectively spent about $142 billion. 
94% of people who die while working are men. 
The average prison meal is more nutritious than the average school lunch. 
The average woman walks three more miles on any given day than the average man! Learn more here:  
About 60% of American college students are female. 
The brain is more active at night than it is during the day. 
The goo from snails is a common ingredient in many facial and body moisturizers. 
With 248.8 million records sold, The Beatles have sold more CDs than any other music artist in history. 
Call Of Duty: Black Ops, is the best selling video game of all time - Followed by The Sims for PC. 
These are the 10 mistakes guys most often make with women! Can you relate?  
In Colorado, a 24-year-old can have sex with a 15-year-old due to the close-age exception. 
McRibs contain azodicarbonamide, an ingredient also used to make yoga mats. 
People who feel depressed eat about 55% more chocolate than those who aren’t. 
Although they taste delicious, THESE foods can actually kill you!  
Hitler was a vegetarian and was strongly against animal cruelty. 
After only being in existence for 5 years, the iPhone is the second best selling product of all time - the 1st is the Rubik’s Cube. 
Women who have more male friends than female friends are less likely to experience anxiety and become depressed. 
The average person gets 9,672 minor injuries in a lifetime. 
“Time” is the most commonly used noun in the English language. 
It’s possible to get a job as a sex toy tester! See here:  
About 40,000 years ago, kangaroos and wombats were as big as today’s cars in various areas of Australia. 
The average NFL game features only 10 minutes and 43 seconds of action - The rest are commercials, replays and commentary. 
Male and female rats can have sex up to 20 times in a day - Male rats will mate with as many females as possible. 
Homophobic men are more likely to be in the closet! Read more HERE:  
Most runway models meet the Body Mass Index (BMI) physical criteria for anorexia. 
The average U.S. woman is 5’4” and weighs 140 pounds - The average model is 5’11” and weighs 117 pounds. 
The average American consumes about 53 gallons of soda every year. 
The average American consumes about 3,550 pounds of sugar in a lifetime - That’s the equivalent of about 1,767,900 Skittles. 
People who stay up later at night are more likely to have nightmares. 
If it takes you less than 5 minutes to fall asleep, you are most likely sleep deprived - It should take 7 to 10 minutes on an average night. 
People who only get about 6 to 7 hours of sleep a night have a longer life expectancy than those who sleep for 8 or more hours a night. 
In France, you can legally marry a dead person! Learn more here:  
People who sleep less get drunk easier than those who sleep more. 
Elephants sleep standing-up during a non REM (Rapid Eye Movement) sleep cycle, but lie down during an REM sleep cycle. 
Some older Native Australians believe that the oceans were created from the urine of an angry god who tried to drown the world. 
In the U.S. more babies are born on Wednesday than any other day of the week. 
People in love tend to judge others of the same gender more harshly when they’re attractive for fear they may become “competition.” 
Your taste buds have hair! Take a look:  
People are more likely to focus and pay attention when soft music is playing in the background. 
Women who are stressed during pregnancy tend to give birth to shorter children. 
Seven people died by drowning in 300,000 gallons of spilled beer during the London Beer Flood of 1814. 
The fats in junk and fast food are mildly addictive - Causing you to want more for several days after consuming it. 
Stan Lee was an army playwright alongside Dr. Suess during World War II. 
American’s spend about $100 million on astrology every year! Learn more here:  
In North Carolina, it is illegal to kill more than 4 turtles in your lifetime. 
Facebook trademarked the words “face”, “book”, “wall”, “poke” and “like.” 
In the 1600’s, the word “nuts” actually referred to “any place of pleasure.” 
The people in THIS country drink more alcohol than any other!  
“Schlimmbesserung” is a German word to describe an effort to make things better that actually ends up making things worse. 
When it comes to economic freedom, the U.S. is ranked as the 10th most free country - Falling 5 spaces since 2008. 
The less sleep you get, the more dreams you have when you DO sleep. 
The attacks on September 11th, 2001 literally caused the world to get hotter! Learn more here:  
Gene Simmons, from the band Kiss, was an elementary school teacher before becoming a rockstar. 
About 40 million people in the United States have medical conditions that marijuana can help treat! Check THIS out:  
Every person in a pool adds about 0.14 grams of fecal matter to the water. 
“Gaylord” is another term that can be used for a large shipping box. 
If you were to be paid $500 in pennies, you would actually have enough metal to be melted down and sold for over $1,000. 
If you were to be paid $500 in pennies, you would actually have enough metal to be melted down and sold for over $1,000. 
What has the body of a lion, and the head of a goat? THIS:  
We are actually addicted to pop music - A “catchy” song sends a rush of dopamine to parts of the brain, which we perceive as pleasurable. 
Students who eat a complete breakfast (as well as eat more berries) tend to get higher grades in school than students who do not. 
Coffee, soda, tea and chocolate have all been known to decrease fertility in women. 
When a male honey bee climaxes during sex, his testicles explode and he dies. 
Studies revealed that on average, fans of Lil Wayne's music have lower test scores than fans of Beethoven (who have some of the highest). 
You might want to learn some more about sushi before you eat it! Check THIS out:  
There is an erotic dance popular in Jamaica called “daggering” - It was banned from TV after causing too many broken penises. 
Auto Tune has been listed in Time Magazine’s “50 Worst Inventions.” 
A teaspoon of sugar after eating something really spicy will completely neutralize the heat sensation. 
THIS planet has the largest volcano in our solar system! Check THIS out:  
"Backpfeifengesicht" is a German word for a face that badly needs a punch. 
The country of Brazil performs sex change operations for free because it is recognized as a constitutional right. 
In 2010, teachers in Switzerland had an average salary of about $112,000 per year. 
The CIA created a project called “Project MK-ULTRA” in which they experimented with LSD to wipe the memories of retiring CIA agents. 
People who dance often are likely to have higher self-esteem and a more positive outlook on life. 
Singing in the shower daily can help boost your immunity, lower blood pressure, reduce stress, and improve your mood! 
A 2011 Canadian study found that listening to your favorite music is one of the fastest ways to get rid of a bad mood. 
The average price of a movie ticket in 1991 was $4.21 - Now, the average price is $8.12. 
Barack Obama collects THESE on his free time!  
The world’s largest clam weighs almost 500 pounds. 
One out of every 4 Americans have appeared on TV. 
By the age of 70, the average American will have eaten 23 pigs, 14 cattle, and 12 sheep. 
Apples are more efficient at waking you up in the morning than caffeine. 
The average American consumes about 7 pounds of potato chips every year. 
“How To Watch Television, Learning From YouTube and Arguing with Judge Judy” are real college classes! Take a look:  
George Washington wore size 13 shoes. 
The average woman will use about 11,400 tampons in her lifetime. 
A man is more likely to ask a woman out and spend money on her if she is wearing red. 
The first text message ever was sent on December 3rd of 1992 -- It said “Merry Christmas.” 
An avocado is not just a fruit, it is also a berry. 
THIS is how you can tell when someone is lying to you!  
Every Chili’s restaurant has one picture hanging upside-down inside and it’s a challenge for the customers to find it. 
The opposite of a kink (something that turns you on) is called a “squick” (something that sexually turns you off). 
The Gulabi Gang (meaning pink gang) is a gang of women in India that go after abusive husbands and fight to stop child marriages. 
Pringles are technically not potato chips because only 42% of the chip is made of potatoes - The rest is rice and flour. 
Cows give more milk when listening to music. 
People who feel happier in the summer and depressed in the winter may likely suffer from “Seasonal Affective Disorder.” 
About 8,500 new words and terms are added to the English language every year. 
THIS is what the average person does in their lifetime!  
Dendrophobia is the fear of trees. 
Sisqo claims he was inspired to write “The Thong Song” after seeing a woman go commando at his nephew’s baptism. 
Printing an image on the back of a urinal wall encourages men to aim for it, and can reduce spillage by up to 80%. 
Drinking orange juice can lower your risk for cancer! Learn more here:  
Nicotine addiction is harder to take control of than an addiction to heroin. 
Will Ferrell’s first name is not William - It’s actually John. 
A hacker group named UGNazi once completely disabled the Papa Johns website because their pizza was 2 hours late. 
Actor Nicholas Cage claims he once woke up in the middle of the night to find a naked man eating a Fudgesicle in front of his bed. 
If you touch the green dot with your nose, you’ll see the girl pass through the hoop!  
THESE animals greet each other and say hi... by having sex!  
A brand named Georgi produces popcorn and waffle flavored vodka. 
Stressed men tend to find heavier women more attractive. 
Take a second to LIKE on Facebook!  
Implanting a magnet in your finger will actually give you a bit of a “superpower” - The ability to sense magnetic fields. 
You have a greater chance of catching the flu if you’re in college! Here’s how you can avoid it!  
Johnny Depp lost his virginity at the age of 13 in the back of a van. 
Zebra’s are actually black, with white stripes. 
The modern handshake was originally thought of as a sign of peace and to show that both parties were unarmed. 
Plants can run a fever if they are sick, similar to humans. 
William Shakespeare invented “knock knock jokes.” 
Barack Obama has actually won two Grammy Awards! Take a look:  
An overly active sex drive can be a symptom of rabies. 
Coca Cola can reduce a man’s sperm count by up to 30%. 
With an average pH of 4.3, beer has almost the same acidity as a woman’s vagina. 
Giraffes, penguins and lions have all homosexual tendencies! Learn more here:  
About $79 trillion is currently in circulation - When evenly distributed, every person in the world could have about $11,000. 
If the world population consumed as much as the average American, we would need the resources of 5 Earths to survive. 
The final episode of the cartoon classic “Tom & Jerry” ends with the both of them committing suicide. 
The pattern of your heart beat changes to mimic the type of music of music you’re listening to.  
The oldest person in the world is actually 127 years old. 
Coca-Cola has the ability to do THIS to your windows... Should you still be drinking it?  
Actor Clint Eastwood has fathered seven children among five different women. 
81% of South Korean middle schools and high schools prohibit relationships among students. 
Studies show that praising children for their intelligence may hinder their progress - Instead, they should be praised for their effort. 
These are actually the healthiest superfoods ever!  
Taking a short nap after learning something new can actually help your memory. 
Bob Marley’s father was actually a white man from England. 
Although your brain is only 2% of your body mass, it burns 20% of your calories daily. 
Jesus Christ is actually mentioned 5 times more often in the Qur’an than Muhammad. 
Sea Otters tend to have a “favorite” rock, which they store and carry with them in a pouch usually under their left arm. 
Female orgasms last about 4 times longer than males! THIS is why it might suck to be a guy:  
The “mahna mahna” song used in The Muppets, was originally written for a Swedish porn flick. 
By the time the average child enters kindergarten, they will have witnessed 8,000 murders on television. 
There’s a beer made in Germany called “Fucking Hell.”  
“Breaking Bad, Mad Men and Walking Dead” have all been called the most bad-ass shows on television! See here:  
Most cigarettes contain “ambergris” (whale vomit) for added flavor. 
Loneliness weakens your immune system - Having friends and significant others can increase immunity by 60%. 
This man tried to kill his ex-girlfriend by creating an explosive vibrator!  
According to Greek Mythology, Aphrodite emerged from the foaming semen of her father’s castrated testicles. 
In 1983, after 5 years of being in existence, Apple became the fastest growing company in history. 
Tyra Banks was the first African-American to appear on the Swimsuit Edition of Sports Illustrated in 1997 - Beyoncé was the second in 2007. 
Women find men more attractive when they notice other women looking at him. 
Cleaning your ears and plucking your nose hairs can actually kill you! Read more here:  
The act of kissing releases oxytocin in the brain - A hormone that strengthens the emotional bond between 2 people. 
Taller men tend to have more sex than shorter men. 
Humans spend about 25 years of their life sleeping. 
In Colorado, it is illegal for a man to marry his wife’s grandmother. 
In the state of Indiana, it is illegal for a man to be sexually aroused in public. 
It’s impossible to tickle yourself! Here’s why:  
In the U.S, female workers earn an average of 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. 
Older cats are likely to meow more because they may have some form of Alzheimers. 
With 21% of it’s population experiencing depression, France is the most depressed country in the world. 
Studies show that men and women experience the same amount of emotion but women tend to be more honest about them. 
Negative or unpleasant emotions are more contagious than neutral or positive emotions. 
These guys robbed a bank and were arrested after they made THIS their profile picture!  
Scientists say the brain purposely forgets certain memories in order to avoid information overload, and emotional hangovers. 
While sleeping, most people dream every 90 minutes, and the longest dreams (lasting 30 - 40 minutes) occur in the morning. 
Depression is the most common disability in women - About 25% of all women will experience severe depression at some point in their lives. 
Are you a midnight snacker? Check out which foods won’t make you fat!  
Worldwide, about 162 million adults use marijuana at least once a year, while 22.5 million use it daily. 
In 2008, Disney approved a design for young girls underwear with the words “Dive In” written on the front. 
Even though the history of Star Wars is so complex, Yoda’s species was never named. 
On Instagram? So is  
The Turkish word for “cannibal” is yamyam - It’s pronounced “yum-yum.” 
Every 1 in 3 men cannot see their penis while standing. 
The average college male freshman has THIS many drinks every week!  
The average person can only remember about 60% of what happened to them yesterday. 
Scientists suggest that there are 24 galaxies in the universe for every person living on Earth. 
The world’s most pierced man has 453 piercings - 278 of them are on his penis and testicles. 
This is how eating chocolate can give you a flat stomach and nice abs!  
The Twilight series was originally rejected by 14 different publishers. 
Intercourse between rattlesnakes can last up to 20 hours. 
Most left-handed people had a right-handed twin while in utero that they killed!  
Infantilism is the desire to wear diapers and be treated like a toddler for sexual pleasure. 
Mars’ gravitational pull is only 37% that of Earth’s - You would be able to jump about three times higher on Mars than on Earth. 
Beyoncé is actually a champion at Connect Four! See here:  
Babies learn manipulative behavior at around six months of age. 
Walking through doorways causes your to forget what you were doing.  
Ryan Gosling was asked to audition to become a member of the Backstreet Boys, but chose to pursue acting instead. 
Your mind spends about 70% of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments. 
Red Velvet Cake, tastes delicious, and is made from bugs! Learn more here:  
The area that surrounds Chernobyl will not be safe for human life again for about, another 20,000 years. 
Pain has the ability to change the way a person looks at and deals with their everyday life. 
Studies show that prolonged exposure to light at night can lead to depression. 
THIS is considered to be the worst movie of all time!  
Daytime naps help to improve your memory and cut the risk of heart disease. 
The teen pregnancy rate is actually lower now than it was in the 1970’s. 
Odontophobia is the fear of going to the dentist. 
Video games can lead to higher grades in school!  
Kangaroos hop because they can’t move their legs independently. 
These are normal people... with real super powers!  
It takes your brain 20 seconds before it registers that you are full. 
The brain overlooks the flaws of a person you are in love with, making it harder to leave them after they’ve hurt you. 
Video games help train your brain to make faster real-life decisions. 
Logical people use the left-side of their brain more while creative people use the right side! Check this out:  
The world’s longest recorded engagement lasted for 67 years. 
The brain tells your body it is time to go to the bathroom when you see a toilet, making it harder to hold your urine as you get closer. 
It can take anywhere from 10,000 to 170,000 years for 1 photon of light from the Sun’s core to actually reach the surface of the Sun. 
Hugh Hefner (Founder of Playboy) did not lose his virginity until the age of 22. 
“Fifty Shades of Grey” was originally developed from a Twilight fan-fiction book. 
Defecation syncope is a disease that causes you to faint when you poop. 
St. Nicholas (AKA Santa Claus), is buried in Ireland. 
You probably didn’t know you could do THIS with your iPhone!  
Sumo wrestlers consume an average of 20,000 calories everyday. 
The simple past tense version of the word “dare” is “durst.” 
From the years 1945 to 1998, we had detonated 2053 atomic bombs worldwide. 
“Goober” is another term for peanut - That’s why Goofy Goober is a peanut in the Spongebob movie. 
Presque Vu is the opposite of Déja Vu. 
Barack Obama has a Cadillac with 8 inch thick doors, equipped with shotguns inside of it! Check this out:  
To this day, 95% of our earth’s oceans remain undiscovered. 
People who are obsessed with graveyards are called “taphophiles.” 
Within 10 minutes of waking up, you will have forgotten 90% of your dreams. 
The average male brain is about 10% bigger than the average female’s. 
People in relationships have a tendency to be meaner to single people. 
Naps can help increase your learning ability! Read more here:  
Friendly baboons are more likely to live longer than lonely baboons. 
Inception is actually a real thing!  
Watching horror movies actually burns more calories than any other genre. 
55% of all Americans have allergies! Here’s how you can fight them!  
On average, undergraduate students who major in economics have more sex partners than those studying any other subject. 
Coolio once wrote a book called “Cookin’ With Coolio” - Chapters included “SaladEatin Bitches” and “Appetizers for That Ass.” 
Some people are biologically video game champions!  
The more attractive a woman is, the more impaired the brains of surrounding males become. 
Have a sore throat? Here’s what you can do to help get rid of it!  
Donald Trump has filed for bankruptcy four times.  
In Denmark, it’s not against the law to escape from prison. 
In Denmark, you are required to check for sleeping children underneath your car before starting your engine. 
When women lie, it's usually to avoid hurting people’s feelings! Read more here:  
It is illegal to be fat in Japan. Each male over 40-years-old must have a waistline smaller than 80cm and women, smaller than 90cm. 
Researchers have found that stem cells can be engineered to kill HIV.  
The World Population is expected to reach 9 billion by the year 2050. 
Dartmouth college serves green eggs and ham to 90% of incoming freshman in honor of Dr. Seuss. 
In Japan, husbands can get a monthly allowance from their wives. 
The average recession lasts for about 16 months. 
People love bacon so much, it has it’s own holiday! Take a look at THIS:  
Educated women tend to drink more and are more likely to have drinking problems.  
Everyone’s brain starts out as female - About 8 weeks after conception, the brains of males become masculinized by testosterone. 
Listening to music can actually help give you a better workout! Learn more here:  
A lemon will float in water, but a lime will sink. 
There are almost 5,000 gods being worshipped by humanity. 
A person who is strongly attracted to someone’s intelligence is called a “sapiosexual.” 
“Dick Lick Springs” is a town in Arkansas, U.S. 
Religious sites are more likely to harm your computer with viruses than porn sites. 
There are 3 things our brain will always notice first - They are food, sex and danger. 
You can give yourself hallucinations using two ping-pong balls and a radio!  
The term “suck it” was actually used almost twice as much in the 1650’s as it is now. 
What has the body of a lion, and the head of a goat? THIS:  
In China, it is acceptable to walk into an IKEA store to relax and take a nap. 
Sarcasm can enhance your ability to solve problems!  
Sarcasm can enhance your ability to solve problems!  
On average, shorter men live about 2 years longer than taller men. 
About 40 million people in the United States have medical conditions that marijuana can help treat! Check THIS out:  
Three kisses a day can speed up and strengthen your metabolism. 
If you inhale a pea, it’s possible for it to sprout and grow while in your lungs. 
There is actually a scientific study on why your headphones get tangled in your pocket!  
Most paranormal experiences can be attributed to infrasound - A low frequency noise that can cause you to see and hear what isn't there. 
Hugh Hefner (Founder of Playboy) and George W. Bush are cousins. 
Memories can be strong enough to invoke the exact emotions a person felt when the experience originally happened. 
Video games are more effective at battling depression than counseling is. 
This is why you SHOULDN’T use a treadmill!  
You can’t inhale through your nose and talk at the same time. 
The average guy spends about one year of his life just staring at women. 
Today’s students spend more time on homework than other students have ever in recorded history. 
The inner skin of a banana peel can be used to help whiten your teeth. 
Winnie-The-Pooh’s real name is actually Edward Bear. 
Children who were fed junk food tend to have lower IQ’s later in life! Learn more here:  
Bridesmaids were first put into weddings to confuse the evil spirits as to who the real bride was - Bringing a happy life-long marriage. 
The “Get Naked Bikini” is a bikini that completely dissolves in the water, leaving the person completely nude. 
Barack Obama has been re-elected and marijuana has been legalized for recreational use in Colorado!  
We spend about 10 minutes everyday looking for misplaced items. 
Studies show that people whom are mixed with a wide range of ethnicities tend to be smarter. 
Applying Vodka to your face helps to tighten your pores and can reduce the risk of acne breakouts. 
The feeling of love can literally, make you high and cause a state of euphoria! Learn more here:  
Someone who suffers from Motion Blindness does not see the world in motion, but more in a series of “snapshots.” 
Bill Gates told his university professors that he’d be a millionaire by the age of 30 - He became a billionaire by the age of 31. 
Single women tend to be more attracted to men who are taken rather than those who are available. 
Men change their minds 2 to 3 times more often than women! Check THIS out:  
Studies show that cuddling before bed helps to brain to relax - This reduces the process of overthinking, making it easier to fall asleep. 
One chocolate chip can give you enough energy to walk 150 feet. 
Vin Diesel says that he has been a devoted Dungeons and Dragons player for over 20 years. 
The word “escalate” did not exist until the escalator was invented. 
“Somebody That I Used to Know” by Gotye is officially the biggest hit ever in Poland. 
Studies have found that poorer people have more sex! Read more HERE:  
Studies have found that stress and depression can shrink your brain. 
It’s likely that we are all descendants of the Pharaohs. 
Shaving your pubic hair increases the chance of you acquiring an STI. 
It’s possible for humans to train themselves to use echolocation - Kind of like bats. 
Bill Clinton only sent 2 emails during his time in office - And one was a test email just to make sure he could do it right. 
Yogurt vodka and pizza beer exists! Check THIS out:  
Electronic voting machines might be rigged or malfunctioning!  
For the past decade, Daniel Radcliffe has been allergic to the glasses he wore as Harry Potter!  
It is estimated that Earth’s helium supply will have run out by 2030 and party balloons will cost about $90. 
These are the 10 mistakes guys most often make with women! Can you relate?  
Dark chocolate contains a chemical that our bodies convert into phenylethylamine - The same chemical secreted when we fall in love. 
Farts will smell worse in the shower - Our sense of smell is stronger in heat and humidity. 
Studies show that men often find funny women intimidating - And are often worried they’ll become victims of her loud tongue. 
“Drama Queens” may suffer from Histrionic Personality Disorder - A disorder that affects women 4 times more than men. 
Brian May (the guitarist from Queen) has a PhD in astrophysics. 
Eating seafood can make you smarter! Learn more here:  
You can go to jail for putting pictures of your voting ballot on Instagram!  
There is a Moscow Cat Theatre in Russia, where all the performers are cats. 
If you directly ingest the same amount of sugar found in a can of Coke, you will vomit uncontrollably. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about one of today’s leading companies, Apple!  
Dr. Suess actually cheated on his wife while she was sick with cancer for 13 years - When she killed herself, he married the mistress. 
“Extreme Ironing” is an actual sport - People go to remote places just to iron their clothes. 
It’s possible to get high off of smoking wild carrots. 
There are about 3 reported cases of dolphins raping humans every year. 
More than 50% of American singles claim they have not had a date in over 2 years. 
Human foreskins are an ingredient in some anti-aging products! Learn more HERE:  
Before he even speaks, the way a man stands (whether he slouches or not) accounts for 80% of a woman’s first impression. 
Chocolate emits the same chemical in your body that love does - phenylethylamine. 
People who regularly help others tend to be significantly happier and are less likely to become depressed as they get older. 
The CIA once planned to drop huge condoms labeled “medium” into the USSR to convince Russian women that Americans were more virile. 
More than 90% of the time, forgiveness is given to another person because we want to keep them as part of our life. 
The sun shrinks by about 5 feet every second. 
In the French translations of Harry Potter, Voldemort’s middle name is “Elvis.” 
One ounce of LSD is enough to get 300,000 people high. 
Only eggs that come from the U.S. and Canada need to be refrigerated. 
THIS man was slowly turning into a tree!  
Michael Jackson had cast actual gang members in his music video for “Beat It” and reformed them in the process of filming. 
American school buses are yellow because the brain registers the color yellow faster than any other. 
The Olympic Gold Medal is actually only 1.34% gold. 
As a kind of foreplay before mating, female giraffes will urinate in the male’s mouth. 
In Germany, most school days end at lunchtime. 
Mothers tend to determine the weight of a child while the father tends to determine the height. 
25% of all Twitter accounts have no followers. 
THESE foods are making you fat!  
The chilling shiver you experience with a strong emotion is called “frisson.” 
Marijuana was used to treat absent-mindedness in Ancient China. 
Over 40 pigs were used during the filming of Babe - The piglets kept outgrowing the role during production. 
THESE things will kill your sex drive!  
The U.S. Army actually uses Xbox 360 controllers to fly UAV spy planes. 
Male octopi die after ejaculating, while female octopi die after giving birth. 
Arnold from the the TV show “Hey Arnold!” actually did have a last name - It was Shortman. 
NSYNC’s “I’ll Never Stop” has been the best selling cassette single of 2009, 2010 and 2011. 
All of Pixar’s staff had to take a graduate class in Fish Biology before making the movie “Finding Nemo.” 
The color of your urine says A LOT about your health! Learn more here:  
In the U.S, the typical school year is 180 days long - In China, the typical school year is 251 days long. 
For $20, you can buy sushi scented cologne!  
The average person spends 96 hours a year of Facebook - So, just take a second to LIKE  
Krusty the Clown was originally Homer Simpson’s secret identity - This is why the two of them look almost exactly the same. 
Over the past several years, men’s penises have been shrinking! Learn more here:  
Lack of sleep and going to sleep irregularly can lead to early death. 
Since the Mayan calendar did not include leap years, the world should have ended about 13 months ago. 
Parents can hire a clown to creepily stalk their kids for 7 days until the clown throws a cake in their face.  
Humor is associated with intelligence and honesty - This is why women are attracted to men with a sense of humor. 
The words “Chillax, sexting, whatevs and whovian” have all been added to the Oxford Dictionary. 
Getting THESE put on your body was illegal in some states until 2006!  
A slugs sex organ actually turns blue and glows while they mate. 
The “Eeny, Meeny, Miny, Moe...” chant originally used the n-word and was later replaced with “tiger.” 
Today is Guy Fawkes Day! Learn about it here:  
People with bigger brains are likely to have more friends. 
Like Almonds? Did you know they’re poisonous?? Learn more here:  
People with stronger friendships have the greater ability to communicate strictly through facial expressions. 
Astronauts are subject to fingernail delamination - A process in which spacewalks can cause an astronaut’s fingernails to fall off. 
Robots can learn to lie and deceive other robots for personal gain. 
Steve Jobs refused to wear his oxygen mask while sick because he did not like the way it was designed. 
Brain scans reveal that looking at pictures of loved ones activate the caudate - the part of the brain responsible for cravings. 
You probably didn't know THIS about our past presidents!  
Same sex relationships were thought to be sacred in ancient Native American tribes. 
Laziness and inactivity kills just as many people as smoking. 
There is enough gold on Earth for every person in the world to own about 5 golden rings. 
THIS 14-year-old girl was able to live without a heart!  
Sex actually boosts brain growth. 
Blonde beards are known to grow faster than dark beards. 
Some meteorites taste sweet because they are made of a substance similar to sugar. 
The feeling of loneliness is processed in the same part of the brain as physical pain. 
Buttercup (The Powerpuff Girl) and Tommy from the Rugrats were voiced by the same person. 
Some people say the hardest thing they do everyday is wake up! THIS can help!  
When rabbits are put on their backs, they enter tonic immobility and become tranced. 
When deprived of dreams, people will become irritable, disoriented and subject to hallucinations. 
Positive emotions enhances the brain's ability to make good decisions. 
Fast Food often contains some of the same chemicals found in Windex! Take a look:  
If you have at least $34,000 you are among the world’s richest 1% of people. 
You need to be shorter than 6’3” in order to get a job as an astronaut. 
Penguins have been known to become depressed and march away from their groups to die. 
Kool-Aid can be turned into Gatorade by adding some salt. 
It’s impossible to sneeze while sleeping. 
A “lexical gap” is when there SHOULD be a word for something, but there isn’t. 
By 2030, it’s predicted that 40% of all American adults will be obese. 
It’s possible to start your car with your smartphone! Take a look:  
The White House is worth about $995 million. 
1 in 14 Americans claim they would murder someone for 3 million dollars. 
In 2004, the CEO of McDonald’s (Jim Cantalupo) died of a heart attack at a McDonald’s convention. 
Eating dark chocolate helps to reduce stress. 
Ants go to war similar to humans - They use even more advanced strategies such as sending the weaker ants out to fight first. 
You probably didn't know THIS about nipples!  
Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point - When blindfolded, humans will gradually walk in a circle. 
The company “Kinkos” was actually named for the curly hair its founder had. 
NASA is responsible for the invention of invisible braces and scratch resistant lenses. 
Ducks have the ability to see more colors than humans. 
Stephen King was once hit by a van - He ended up buying the van and destroying it to make himself feel better. 
Naps can help increase your learning ability! Read more here:  
If one identical twin is homosexual, then there is a 40% chance that the other twin is as well. 
The word “nerd” was actually invented by Dr. Suess. 
All of the major political parties in Canada support the legalization of marijuana except the party that currently rules the country. 
50% of the time, there is fecal matter in the drinks you get from fast food restaurants! Read more here:  
During the middle ages, talkative women were punished by being forced to wear metal cages on their heads. 
People who suffer from Imposter Syndrome are often unhappy with their accomplishments and credit it all towards luck. 
Male dolphins have been known to separate female dolphins from their families and deny them food until they agree to mate. 
The word “swastika” literally means “being happy” in Sanskrit. 
Hallmark manufactures and sells “Happy Divorce” cards. 
Alcohol can be made from lizards and horse milk! Check THIS out:  
In 1986, Steve Jobs launched his own clothing line for Apple fans. 
When a pregnant woman suffers organ damage (ex: a heart attack), the fetus will send stem cells to repair the damaged organ. 
“Grammar Pedantry Syndrome” is a form of OCD in which sufferers need to correct every grammatical error. 
Running isn’t as good as you think! Check out there fitness myths!  
With 100+ million paid downloads, Tetris is the best-selling mobile game of all time. 
The word “fetish” was originally used as a reference to an object that was worshipped for its supposed “magical powers.” 
The word “funky” actually stems from an African word for the sweat you produce while having sex or dancing. 
The Disney Channel is working on a “Boy Meets World” sequel!  
Paul McCartney wrote “Hey Jude” as a comfort song for John Lennon’s son, Julian while his parents were getting a divorce. 
You might be an addict without knowing it! Learn more here:  
Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, the first director of the CIA admitted that aliens actually exist. 
Your house is most likely soaked in mouse urine!  
The oldest fully preserved human body ever found actually has tattoos. 
The government denies their existence, but do YOU believe in aliens? Maybe after seeing THIS, you will:  
Listening to music is one of the few activities that uses the entirety of the human brain. 
There’s a 95% chance that the human race will become extinct over the next 9,000 years. 
Our bodies have the ability to predict the future!  
There’s a YOLO county located in California. 
Smarter people tend to make sarcastic comments quicker than people who aren’t as smart. 
In a bad mood? THIS is what you need!  
Studies have proven that taking the underarm sweat of a man and putting it on a woman’s lips can boost her mood. 
Cursing when in pain releases Enkephalin, which raises your pain tolerance causing you to hurt less! 
“Mirror Neurons” are what cause us to cringe and “feel the pain” of other people when they get hurt. 
Want to have glowing skin and a better complexion? Eat some of THIS:  
Good liars are also better at detecting other people’s lies. 
“Spaghetti alla puttanesca” actually means “whore’s style spaghetti.” 
There is an annual sex doll race that takes place in Russia - Every year, blow up dolls are ridden like boats. 
A man is more likely to get a woman’s phone number if he is accompanied by a dog. 
In 2011, Netflix used 32.7% of America’s entire internet bandwidth. 
Cars with night-vision?? Yes, they exist! Check THIS out:  
The darker the color of your alcoholic drink, the more likely it is to give you a hangover. 
South Africa has a National Cleavage Day at the beginning of April every year. 
When “South Park” aired its “Anti-Family Guy” episode, the producers received flowers from the crew of “The Simpsons.” 
21% of the South Korean population has the last name “Kim.” 
There’s a movie about a zombie Osama Bin Laden leading an axis of evil dead - It’s called “Osombie.” 
Did you know THIS about One Direction??  
Ingvar Kamprad founded IKEA when he was just 17 years old. 
Female kangaroos actually have 3 vaginas. 
There was a 4th member of the original “Snap, Crackle and Pop” group - It was “Pow.” 
In 1985, there was a condom delivery service at Harvard University - Their slogan was “We’ll come before you do.” 
During the late 13th century, the word “nice” actually meant “stupid” and “foolish.” 
There are only 2 countries in the entire world that do not sell Coca Cola - North Korea and Cuba. 
With modern day technology, it would take astronauts about 260 days in a rocket to land on Mars. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about one of today’s leading companies, Apple!  
Looking through a small hole will immediately improve your vision temporarily. 
Nickelodeon shows “Doug”, “Ren & Stimpy,” and “The Rugrats” all premiered on the same day - They were the 3 original Nicktoons. 
Bees and wasps can be trained like dogs to detect explosives and drugs. 
50% of the population in Uganda is under 15 years of age. 
Cracking your knuckles does NOT cause arthritis! Check out what you THOUGHT was true:  
At any given moment, there are more than 10 million cigarettes lit around the world. 
Ancient Romans would use a sponge on a stick instead of toilet paper. 
A flock of ravens is called an "unkindness." 
Elephantitis Balls is a real disease! Check THIS out:  
Every pound of fat you gain causes your body to make 7 miles of new blood vessels. 
People who walk through a doorway during the middle of a task are 3 times as likely to forget what they were doing. 
Putting sugar on a wound or cut will greatly reduce pain and speed up the healing process. 
Research has shown that people are happiest at 7:26pm on Saturday night! 
Humans are the only mammals that can’t swallow and breathe at the same time. 
Ladies, bet you didn’t know THIS happens when you’re pregnant!  
George Washington had taphephobia and was afraid of being buried alive. 
Mosquitoes prefer biting people who are drunk. 
Jagermeister was originally manufactured as a cough medicine. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about your dreams!  
Rogue brewers and Voodoo Doughnut manufactured a beer that tastes like bacon and maple syrup. 
The filling used in Oreo cookies was originally made from pork fat. 
“GymPact” is an app that pays you for working out and penalizes you for missing days. 
Breastfeeding burns an average of 500 calories a day. 
There is an Indian version of “The Suite Life of Zack and Cody” named “The Suite Life of Karan and Kabir.” 
The average teenager spends 31 hours a week on the internet and 4 hours a week on homework! Learn more here:  
Spaghetti is actually the plural form of the Italian word “spaghetto.” 
Ring Pops were originally invented as a way to stop children from sucking their thumb. 
The average American spends about 90% of their time indoors. 
In Pennsylvania, it's illegal to wear your pants like THIS:  
The average person has between 1,460 and 2,190 dreams every year. 
Cats do not have sweet taste receptors - They can only taste things that are salty or bitter. 
When the International Space Station passes over your home, NASA will send you a text message!  
The uterus of an average woman expands up to 500 times its normal size during pregnancy. 
The term "hermaphrodite" stems from the son of Hermes and Aphrodite, "Hermaphroditos" who possessed both male and female attributes. 
Turtles can breathe through their butts! Check THIS out:  
Snoop Dogg states that he gave up "pimping" in 2004, so he could spend more time with his family. 
The IRS collects about $2 trillion in taxes every year. 
Both female and male pigeons produce "pigeon milk" which they use to feed their offspring. 
You are more likely to get stabbed or shot at a strip club than anywhere else! Learn more HERE:  
Male elephants will often use their penis as a 5th leg to support their weight. 
70% of the U.S. prison population grew up in single-parent homes. 
"Buksvåger" is a Swedish word for a person who has had sex with a person you've already had sex with. 
There's a species of ant that enslaves other ants -- Known as, The Slave-Maker ant! 
Some men experience instant feelings of sadness and regret after sex - This is known as "post-coital tristesse." 
Scared you're not muscular enough?! You might have bigorexia! Take a look:  
The grandpa from "Hey Arnold" and Homer Simpson are voiced by the same person. 
"Tug of War" was once an official Olympic sport. 
Mario was a carpenter before he became a plumber. 
It's possible to absorb LSD through your ears. 
Dove and Axe are both owned by the same company. 
Sitting is killing you! Learn more HERE:  
Dolphins don't breathe subconsciously, which is why the only sleep with 50% of their brain active - To prevent drowning. 
Between 64% and 84% of Hong Kong's citizens do not believe in a religion. 
Oral sex was illegal in Canada until the year 1969. 
Koalas have fingerprints nearly identical to the fingerprints of humans. 
A psychology study suggests that when you're single, all you see are happy couples - When you're committed, you see happy singles. 
A full head of human hair (about 150,000 strands) is strong enough to support the weight of 2 full grown elephants. 
It used to be legal to send kids in the mail. 
Workers at Walt Disney World were banned from having facial hair! Check THIS out:  
You can legally buy products made out of human leather - A human leather wallet costs about $14,000. 
There are actually 4 types of hand orientations: right-handed, left-handed, ambidextrous and mixed-handed. 
"Rugrats" in German are called "Hosenscheißer" which translates to "pants shitters." 
Getting THESE put on your body was illegal in some states until 2006!  
Over 1 million Europeans were taken as slaves by North Africans between the years 1530 and 1780. 
2.84% of deaths are caused by intentional injuries (suicide, violence, war) while 3.15% are caused by diarrhea. 
Singing helps form and strengthen the emotional bond between a group of people. 
The vibrator was the 5th domestic appliance to be electrified, after the sewing machine, toaster, fan, and tea kettle. 
According to NASA, the moon smells like gunpowder. 
While performing surgery, a doctor had an emotional breakdown and cut off his patient’s penis! Read more here:  
In Minnesota, it's illegal for any man to have sexual intercourse with a live fish. 
A first class ticket on the Titanic would cost about $100,000 today. 
Bob Marley's last words to his son, Ziggy were "Money can't buy life." 
After reading THIS, you might think twice about ever going into another pool!  
A tiger's tongue is rough enough to like the paint off of a building. 
Someone who suffers from Misophonia will often be made angry by very small things - Such as a person who eats or breathes too loudly. 
The first Paranormal Activity movie had a budget of $15,000 and make $196,681,656.00 worldwide. 
The first ingredient listed on the back of a Goldfish snack box is “smiles.” 
A baby porcupine is referred to as a “porcupette.” 
THIS is what you didn’t know about space!  
Babies will instinctively dance when they hear music, and smile more when they are on time with the beat. 
It takes an average of 364 licks to get to the tootsie roll center of a Tootsie Pop. 
There’s actually a word for the day after tomorrow -- Overmorrow. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about one of today’s leading companies, Apple!  
Women who are stressed during pregnancy are more likely to give birth to short-tempered children. 
The temperature of a woman's face rises when she makes contact with a male - Causing her to "glow." 
The third right arm of a male octopus is also his penis. 
"Satan's Kingdom" is the name of a town in Vermont, US. 
There is about one billion bacteria in one teaspoon of dirt. 
Eating seafood can make you smarter! Learn more here:  
In June of 2006. two college students died from inhaling too much helium in an attempt to make their voices higher. 
That ringing or buzzing sound you sometimes hear in your head is called "tinnitus." 
Christmas-tree fires cost more than $16 million in damages every year. 
Want to have glowing skin and a better complexion? Eat some of THIS:  
275 people are injured from water slides every day. 
The endorphins released in the body during a run are similar to those released during sex. 
More children ages 5 to 14 die from playing baseball than any other sport. 
In 2007, snow tubing and sledding were the causes of more than 160,000 injuries that resulted in emergency room visits. 
By the time you finish saying "I Love You," about 20,000 cells in your body will have died and been replaced with new ones. 
Homophobic men are more likely to be in the closet! Read more HERE:  
Eminem dropped out of school after failing the 9th grade twice - He skipped school too many times to fight kids on street corners. 
Elephants kill more than 500 people every year. They have been known to also rape and kill grown rhinos. 
Swans are very aggressive when protecting their young, and have been known to drown humans by attacking them from above. 
The people in THIS country drink more alcohol than any other!  
About 80% of all cats are infected with Toxoplasma gondii, a parasite that can cause depression, anxiety, and schizophrenia in humans. 
Lemon flavored Kool-Aid contains citric acids strong enough to be used as a cleaner for dishwashers. 
Soy contains very high levels of manganese, a mineral that has been known to cause brain damage in infants. 
Soy contains plant compounds that mimic the effects of estrogen when consumed by men. 
People who often chew gum are more likely to develop Temporomandibular Joint Disorder and have difficulty opening/closing their mouths. 
Americans eat approximately 17.3 billion quarts of popcorn every year. 
Students who regularly consume chocolate milk in schools can gain an additional 5 pounds over the course of a school year. 
THIS is why eating fast food makes you tired:  
Pasta that is sealed in the box can stay fresh for up to 10 years - Open pasta is only good for a few days. 
People who eat organic foods are 8 times more likely to die of E.Coli than the rest of the population. 
The FDA allows frozen strawberries to contain an average mold count of up to 45%. 
Salty and spicy snacks can act as antidepressants. 
The world's most expensive hamburger is sold at Serendipity 3 in New York and costs $295. 
People love bacon so much, it has it’s own holiday! Take a look at THIS:  
An artist designed a set of chairs the spells "LOVE" when put together!  
Hoxton Street Monster Supplies is a company that makes salt from human tears. 
Breastfeeding burns about 500 calories a day. 
The term "meme" is derived from the Greek word meaning "something imitated." 
Men are 58% more likely to die from accidental injuries as opposed to women. 
Cavities are contagious! Learn more here:  
Hitler allegedly owned a private train that he named Amerika. 
Coca-Cola is the only company in the U.S. legally allowed to import the coca leave - A primary ingredient in cocaine. 
Chuck Lorre, the creator of Two and a Half Men, composed the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles theme song. 
Drinking orange juice can lower your risk for cancer! Learn more here:  
The world's most expensive cat is worth about $13 million. 
Sam Raimi is developing an alternate version of "The Wizard of Oz" starring James Franco and Mila Kunis. 
Rhythm, melody and harmony in music trigger the same system in our brain that drives our desire for food and sex.  
Gandhi once wrote a letter to his "dear friend" urging him not to go to war -- This friend was Hitler. 
372 people search for pornography on Google every second. 
You have a third eyelid! See here:  
The filling in Oreo cookies was originally made of pork fat. 
This woman found her ex-boyfriend living in her attic 12 years after they broke up!  
Space Jam was the highest grossing basketball movie of all time. 
The colors you see in your dreams might have a meaning! Learn more here:  
Holding objects in front of your body, such as a notebook or handbag, indicates shyness and resistance. 
Dancing has been proven to make you smarter and healthier. 
Video games can lead to higher grades in school!  
Every day, 20 banks are robbed and an average of $2,500 is taken. 
Doctor Who introduced a dream like virtual reality in 1976. It was called "The Matrix." 
These guys became millionaires when they were teenagers!  
The original Grand Theft Auto website (that was created 11 years ago) is still functional!  
Some say dreaming about being lost indicates conflict within real-life situations or past actions. 
The word "nightmare" is derived from "Mare", a Germanic folklore goblin who rode on people's chests as they slept. 
You’re more likely to get sick at school or work than anywhere else! Take a look:  
Cigarette butts and filters take about 12 years to biodegrade. It would take a glass bottle about 1 million years to biodegrade. 
A new dinosaur species has been found and is called Dracorex Hogwartsia - Meaning "Dragon King of Hogwarts." 
Drinking warm liquids can make a person feel more generous and trusting. 
The first school shooting was "The Pontiac's Rebellion School Massacre" and took place in 1764. 
Both men and women tend to settle for mates that are generally in their own class of attractiveness. 
THIS is why music is actually good for your health!  
The actress who plays Jenny from "The Hard Times of RJ Berger" is 31-year-old in real life. 
Woody (From Toy Story) has a last name - It's 'Pride.' 
New York City is owed $17.2 million in parking tickets. 
Hate your job? Well, it might actually be KILLING you!  
Dairy Queen actually has its own clothing line. 
Strawberries reproduce asexually. 
White cars are stolen more often than any other colored car. 
The Lonely Island's song "Dick In A Box" won an Emmy award for "outstanding original music and lyrics." 
Oppositional defiant disorder is a recognized "mental disorder" for people that deliberately disobey authority figures. 
People who stay up later tend to have higher IQs! Check THIS out:  
There are 101 flavors of Pringles throughout the world. 
Pigasus was a pig who ran for president of the U.S. in 1968. 
Luis Garavito, the world's most dangerous serial killer (140 victims) only has to serve 22 years in prison and should be released in 2021. 
There is approximately 20 trillion pounds of ants on the earth. 
Bob Marley was the father of 3 children born to 3 different women in one month. 
This is what Beyoncé looked like in high school!  
The Hulk (comic book character) was originally grey, but was changed to green because it was easier to print. 
Putting dry tea bags in a pair of smelly shoes will help absorb the unpleasant odor. 
People who remain calm in stressful situations tend to have higher rates of depression and obesity. 
The Asian Giant Hornet is the size of your thumb, and stings with flesh dissolving acid that alerts other wasps to sting you until you die. 
Females that play video games have more sex than females who don't play video games. 
A used pair of Queen Elizabeth's underwear sold for $18,000 on eBay. 
Various Canadian police departments give "positive tickets" to reward people for doing something good. 
Humans were built to walk barefoot! That's why most shoes are bad for your health! How bad are yours? Check THIS out:  
Robert Downey Jr. was paid 100 times more to star in "The Avengers" than he was to star in the first "Iron Man" movie. 
It's illegal to own 6 or more dildos in Texas. 
"False Awakening" is the state in which a person dreams that they're waking up, while they are really in deep sleep. 
If you want to keep a good relationship with a woman, THIS is what you shouldn’t do:  
A female serial killer in ancient Rome was once punished for her crimes by being raped… by a giraffe. 
There's a species of fish called "Slippery Dick." 
The surge in production of the hormone oxytocin causes sex to act as a painkiller. 
It takes your brain approximately 90 seconds to decide whether or not you like someone. 
230,730,000 songs are illegally downloaded every day; 160,000 songs are illegally downloaded every minute. 
Pets are beneficial to your health and can help fight depression! Learn more here:  
There are 22 different ways to replicate a woman's breasts with text symbols. 
The fish from "Spongebob Squarepants" that always yells "My leg!" is named Fred. 
In 1997, Mattel released Becky, Barbie's friend, who's hot-pink wheelchair could not fit into the elevator of Barbie's $100 Dream House. 
It’s possible to start your car with your smartphone! Take a look:  
Every year, more and more koalas are affected by chlamydia. 
Children are more than twice as likely to be killed by a car on Halloween than on any other night. 
Men can get rid of an erection by sitting down and flexing their thigh muscles repeatedly. 
No matter how hard you pinch the extra skin on your elbow, you will not feel pain. 
One gallon of gas would be able to charge an iPhone once a day, everyday for 20 years. 
This woman was accidentally buried alive as a baby!  
The more intelligent a woman is, the less likely she is to be fertile. 
The background noise in a room affects the taste of the food you're eating. 
The lion suit used in "The Wizard of Oz" was made from real lion fur. 
What do oysters and chocolate have in common? They can boost your sex drive! Take a look:  
Ikea is actually the world's largest and richest "non-profit charity." 
The movie "Land Before Time" first came out in 1988, and has 12 sequels. 
Jägermeister was originally intended to be a cough medicine. 
Crows can recognize human faces and warn other crows about dangerous people. 
Karen, Plankton's wife from "Spongebob Squarepants," has 256GB of RAM memory. 
People who stay up later tend to have higher IQs! Check THIS out:  
The average four-year-old child asks over 400 questions a day. 
Over-thinking is one of the top causes of depression. 
Studies show that both men and women see images of "sexy" women's bodies as objects.  
This is what Beyoncé looked like in high school!  
Adding salt to pineapple will actually cause it to taste sweeter! 
Men who masturbate more have a lower chance of getting prostate cancer. 
Amish dolls are often made without faces to emphasize the fact that "all are alike in the eyes of God." 
It's possible for potatoes to explode in the oven if you cook them without poking holes in them. 
NeuroGasm is a soft drink that helps regulate blood flow and causes you to become aroused. 
Donkeys kill more people than plane crashes! Check THIS out:  
The average user spends about 3.5 hours a day on Twitter. Twitter "addicts" tend to spend about 10.4 hours a day. 
People who stay up later at night are more likely to have nightmares. 
People who only get about 6 to 7 hours of sleep a night have a longer life expectancy than those who sleep for 8 or more hours a night. 
Someone gets divorced every 10 to 13 minutes! HERE'S why you might not want to get married:  
People who sleep less get drunk easier than those who sleep more. 
In the U.S. more babies are born on Wednesday than any other day of the week. 
People in love tend to judge others of the same gender more harshly when they’re attractive for fear they may become “competition.” 
People are more likely to focus and pay attention when soft music is playing in the background. 
Women who are stressed during pregnancy tend to give birth to shorter children. 
Seven people died by drowning in 300,000 gallons of spilled beer during the London Beer Flood of 1814. 
PSY (from Gangnam Style) actually graduated from the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. 
People with blue eyes have a higher alcohol tolerance! Want to know how much you can take? Find out HERE:  
The fats in junk and fast food are mildly addictive - Causing you to want more for several days after consuming it. 
Stan Lee was an army playwright alongside Dr. Suess during World War II. 
Facebook trademarked the words “face”, “book”, “wall”, “poke” and “like.” 
In the 1600’s, the word “nuts” actually referred to “any place of pleasure.” 
“Schlimmbesserung” is a German word to describe an effort to make things better that actually ends up making things worse. 
Anuptaphobia is the fear of being single forever! Think you have it? Check THIS out:  
When it comes to economic freedom, the U.S. is ranked as the 10th most free country - Falling 5 spaces since 2008. 
Optimistic and positive people are more likely to live longer! Learn more here:  
The less sleep you get, the more dreams you have when you DO sleep. 
The average Facebook user receives 82 notifications everyday. 
Some men can breastfeed babies!  
People that smoke have 10 times as many wrinkles as people that do not smoke. 
Although it may be illegal, marijuana has many health benefits! Read more HERE:  
Trojan manufactures a Harry Potter brand of condoms -- Titled: Extra Harry Condoms. 
The average PC owner spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting. The average Mac owner spends 5 hours a year. 
Adele's album "21" was the best-selling album of 2011 in the U.S. -- As well as the best-selling digitally downloaded album of all time. 
How did this girl live for 118 days without a heart? Like this:  
Only about 1% of the population has a "genius" IQ of 140 or higher. 
Celebriphilia is the abnormally intense desire to have a romantic or sexual encounter with a celebrity. 
A person who suffers from Munchausen syndrome either fakes or exaggerates an illness to gain attention and sympathy. 
Bigorexia (Muscle dysmorphia) is a disorder in which a person becomes obsessed with working out because they are not muscular enough. 
By the time an average American child leaves elementary school, they have seen 200,000 violent acts and 40,000 murders on television. 
Here’s a little tip to help you go to sleep faster and help you wake up in the morning!  
11% of Greece's homeless population have a university degree. 
The more you fear something, the bigger it appears. 
Lady Gaga's meat dress weighed about 50 pounds. 
Eating these foods can help reduce your risk of cancer!  
Everyday, the average person swallows about 1 quart of mucus. 
Eating chocolate 3 times a month can help you live longer as opposed to overeating chocolate, or not eating it at all. 
Ke$ha spends 3 to 5 thousand dollars on glitter every month.  
By walking an extra 20 minutes a day, the average person can burn off seven pounds of body fat in a year. 
For one day in 1998, Topeka, Kansas, renamed itself to "ToPikachu" in honor of Pokémon's U.S. debut. 
Naps can help increase your learning ability! Read more here:  
"Jay" used to be slang for "foolish person." 
Sex is more physical for men and more emotional for women. 
Globally, baby boys are 25% more likely to die in infancy than baby girls. 
A car is stolen every 30 seconds in the United States. 
45% of people believe in ghosts while 10% of us claim to have seen one. 
Less than 10% of the population can speak 3 or more languages. 
At the age of 10, Justin Timberlake won the 1991 pre-teen Mr. America Pageant. 
82% of people believe in an afterlife. 
A yawn lasts for approximately 6 seconds. 
Everyday, Americans collectively buy 5 million products that are related to Mickey Mouse. 
In the movie "The Matrix Reloaded," a 17 minute battle scene cost over $40 million dollars to produce. 
The most push ups performed in one day by a single person was 46,001. 
Loneliness can literally make you sick - Causing cardiovascular problems, viral infections, and increased chances of death. 
According to his biography, John Lennon was actually very abusive to the women in his life.  
In the Middle Ages, mistakes and spelling errors made while writing were blamed on a "typo" demon named Titivillus. 
In "Rugrats: The Movie," Reptar was voiced by Busta Rhymes. 
Until the early 1800s, the slang term for balls was "twiddle-diddles." 
Only 8% of the world's currency exists as physical cash, the rest is electronic. 
You can literally be "scared to death." Fear causes your body to pump adrenaline into your blood, which can be toxic in large amounts. 
In 1994, IKEA became the first company to feature a homosexual couple in a commercial. 
The creators of Adidas and Puma were brothers and they were both Nazis. 
YouTube was originally a video dating site called "Tune In Hook Up." 
Chinese scientists have confirmed that the earliest Tyrannosaurus Rex relatives actually had feathers. 
The FDA allows up to 19 maggots and 74 mites per 100 grams of mushrooms that are canned. 
Google was originally called BackRub. 
There are about 10,000,000,000,000,000 individual ants alive on Earth at any given time. 
Albert Einstein did not speak in full sentences until the age of 9. 
Beaver testicle and vaginal follicles have been used in traditional medicines for centuries, as well as some brands of perfume. 
About 10 people a week are hospitalized from injuries suffered while playing Wii games. 
Barack Obama told T.V. Guide his favorite cartoon character was Spongebob Squarepants. 
The name "Harry Potter" is mentioned 18,956 times throughout the entire Harry Potter book series. 
Three common date blunders include talking about yourself too much, revealing too much about your ex, and being too excited. 
Cracking your knuckles does NOT cause arthritis! Check out what you THOUGHT was true:  
Only 3 kinds of animals form armies and go to "war" -- Humans, crows and ants. 
Atychiphobia is the fear of failure. 
Lonely and isolated people tend to have weaker immune systems. Love and close relationships greatly improve immunity. 
It’s possible to be allergic to water! Learn more here:  
Jim Carrey would write Tupac funny letters while he was in prison to help make him smile. 
Falling coconuts kill 150 people every year. 
Neuroscience suggests that users are literally in love with their iPhones.  
Listening to loud music interferes with your vision. This is why we usually take our headphones out to look at something far away. 
Metathesiophobia is the fear of change. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about your dreams!  
Gamophobia is the fear or marriage, relationships or commitment. 
We are more likely to love or hate people that are very similar to us. 
People who are more likeable and attractive are generally perceived as more intelligent. This is called the "Halo Effect." 
This is what you may or may not have known about what’s inside of you!  
More than half of people who believe in love at first sight claim to have experienced it. 
"Love at first sight" typically means falling in love with someone within the first hour of meeting them. 
After 2 years of use, 1/3rd of your pillow's weight comes from dead skin, bugs, dead dust mites and their droppings.  
Due to the release of oxytocin during the act, sex is a natural painkiller and can help fight headaches, and PMS symptoms. 
Left-handed people are more likely to be schizophrenic. 
You might want to take a look at this before you decide to drink alcohol again!  
Left-handed people are more likely to be autistic or geniuses than right-handed people. 
Citizens of NYC have access to free disaster info, shelters, etc. by calling 311 or texting Q’s to 311-692.  
Watching an hour of TV shortens your life by 22 minutes.  
The faster you move, the heavier you become - You are heavier when running than when you are standing still. 
Why do most men like women with bigger breasts and bigger butts? Find out here:  
Watching too much TV is just as dangerous as smoking and lack of exercise. 
Listening to upbeat music stimulates the brain, helping fight depression and confusion. 
People who masturbate more are less likely to be depressed. 
Women who associate with males frequently find that their periods become shorter and more regular. 
Men are biologically attracted to women with bigger breasts because it gives them a better sense of a woman's age. 
We can only dream of faces we've seen in the past, whether we actively remember them or not. The brain cannot invent these. 
Watching Spongebob Squarepants can cause short-term attention and learning problems.  
A raisin dropped in a glass of champagne will continuously bounce up and down from the bottom of the glass to the top. 
The dot over the letter "i" is called a "tittle." 
Thinking about having a kid? THIS might change your mind!  
The human brain will learn any word it hears 160 times in 14 minutes. 
The word "lethologica" refers to the state of not being able to remember the word you were looking for. 
Singing can help avoid depression and anxiety.  
Americans have more sex than anyone else in the world! Check THIS out:  
"Naked" actually means to be unprotected. "Nude" means unclothed. 
The average human sheds about 40 pounds of skin in their lifetime. 
On average, men produce about 10 million new sperm daily. That’s enough to repopulate the entire planet in 6 months. 
Except for identical twins, every person on earth has a unique smell. 
Most babies are born with blue eyes. Exposure to ultraviolet light (the sun) and melanin are what eventually bring out their true color. 
The average human produces 25,000 quarts of spit in a lifetime -- Enough to fill two swimming pools. 
Every time a disaster strikes on Spongebob Squarepants, the same voice yells "My leg!" 
Optimistic and positive people are more likely to live longer! Learn more here:  
40% of people who are rejected in a romantic relationship slip into clinical depression. 
Music not only changes our mood, but it also changes the way we think and our perception of the world. 
Love actually has nothing to do with your heart -- It's all chemical reactions that take place inside of your brain. 
Cleopatra owned one of the world's first vibrators. It was a small container filled with buzzing bees. 
Cleopatra married, not one, but two of her brothers. 
Getting THESE put on your body was illegal in some states until 2006!  
Albert Einstein married his first cousin. 
Albert Einstein would charge people $1 for an autograph. He'd then donate this money to charity. 
The male spiny anteater has a 4-headed penis. 
What LMFAO refers to as "Shufflin" is an actual dance called "The Melbourne Shuffle." It originated in Australia in the 80s. 
"Goosebumps" are technically called "piloerections." 
THIS One Direction member developed a fear of birds after being attacked as a kid... while he was using the bathroom!  
Mosquito repellents don't repel, they hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito's sensors so they don't know you are there. 
"Kunming" is a Kingdom in China inhabited by little people who wear medieval clothes and live in mushroom shaped huts.  
Robert Chesebrough, inventor of Vaseline, believed it had healing qualities and ate a spoonful of it every morning. 
There are about 10 million of THESE living in your mattress!  
Alloxodoxaphobia is the fear of opinions. 
Venustraphobia is the fear of beautiful women. 
Barack Obama is related to George W. Bush and Brad Pitt.  
Within the next hour, you will shed 600,000 particles of skin. 
During his or her lifetime, the average person will grow about 590 miles of hair. 
The average male orgasm lasts for 6 seconds while the average female orgasm lasts for 23! Learn more here:  
Only 10-20% of the population can wiggle their ears and raise one eyebrow. 
All the future hurricanes until the year 2017 have already been named!  
The human brain is approximately 70% water. 
90% of cheaters say the person they had an affair with was uglier than their partners! Learn more here:  
$1 Trillion Dollars in $1,000 bills would be 67.9 miles high. 
Americans throw away about 40% of their food. 
There is actually a mathematical formula to happiness!  
Bugs Bunny actually dressed in drag more than 40 times throughout his animated career. 
Michael Jackson’s music video for “Thriller” has been seen by more than 4 billion people since its release. 
Do you know these laws about marijuana?  
There are only two common words in the English language that end in “gry” - Angry and Hungry. 
The Vikings would give kittens to newlywed brides as an essential part of a new household. 
Women speak about 7,000 words a day while men average 2,000. 
People with good self esteem tend to have longer relationships! Take a look at this:  
Only 10-20% of the population can wiggle their ears and raise one eyebrow. 
If Barbie were life-size, she would be 7' 2" and her neck would be twice the length of a normal human's neck. 
Barbie's full name is "Barbara Millicent Roberts." 
A 30-year-old man once killed his 75 year-old-girlfriend during sex and didn't realize she died.  
Fast Food often contains some of the same chemicals found in Windex! Take a look:  
The average internet user spends about 15 minutes on YouTube everyday. 
The cigarette lighter was invented before matches. 
The medical term for "brain freeze" is "sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia." 
Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades. 
It takes 595 oranges to charge an iPhone.  
Lemons can make you look younger! Take a look:  
The eldest children in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings. 
Young sloths have been known to fall to their death after mistaking their own arms for tree 
Learning how to speak a second language helps protect against age-related memory loss. 
Exercise can actually be BAD for your health! Learn more here:  
"Schadenfreude" is a word for that feeling of joy and slight satisfaction you sometimes get from the misfortune of others. 
Impulsive, and anxious people are much more likely to become angry drunks. 
Cacophobia is the fear of ugly people. 
Ephebiphobia is the fear of teenagers. 
Kissing is good for your heart. It helps stabilize cardiovascular activity, decreases blood pressure and decreases cholesterol. 
Listening to music can help you run faster and get a better work out at the gym. It can help increase endurance by as much as 15%. 
Peladophobia is the fear of bald people. 
THESE are the most common causes of failed relationships!  
Porcupines float in water. 
Porcupines float in water. 
The word opposite of "reverse" is actually "obverse." 
Smiling releases natural pain killing hormones, endorphins and serotonin, making us feel good. 
It takes 6 months to build a Rolls Royce and 13 hours to build a Toyota. 
When in love, the production of oxytocin helps increase our pain tolerance, both physical and emotional. 
What do oysters and chocolate have in common? They can boost your sex drive! Take a look:  
Three passionate kisses a day can double your metabolic rate and can help you lose up to a pound. 
Smiling helps boost the immune system.The body relaxes and is better able to fight off the flu and colds. 
Laughter helps increase memory and learning. Incorporating humor into education leads to higher test scores. 
Human contact through hugs lowers blood pressure, releases stress, and reduces the risk of heart disease. 
Surgeons who listen to music during operations perform better than those who don't. 
About 9 million Americans suffer from some form of sexual addiction! Are you one of them? Find out HERE:  
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is "uncopyrightable." 
People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark. 
Negative expectations produce negative results. This is called the "nocebo effect."  
One 1/3rd of couples have broken-up because of their partner's snoring! Should it be a concern to you? Find out HERE:  
Gasoline was once sold in small bottles specifically to cure lice. 
Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO -- The "fear of missing out." Psychologists say this may heighten anxiety and depression. 
Meaner people are viewed as more attractive!  
One hundred cups of coffee over 4 hours is enough to kill the average human. 
People have died watching Passion of the Christ, Black Swan, Avatar, and Twilight.  
There is more alcohol in mouthwash than in wine. 
OCD is the 4th most common psychiatric disorder, affecting about one in 40 adults! See if you could have it HERE:  
Dr. Suess wrote "Green Eggs and Ham" after his editor dared him to write a book using less than fifty words. 
Chocolate can help ease the symptoms of a hangover. 
Your ringtone might be making you dumb.  
Like meat? Well, THIS might be enough to make you go vegetarian:  
The pain that Harry Potter felt in that specific part of his head where his scar was located, is technically called a "mummular headache." 
Chocolate chip cookies were made by accident when the chocolate in the cookie did not melt properly. 
In Virginia, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday. 
This woman claims she legally owns the sun and wants to charge people to use it.  
The word "masturbation" comes from the Latin word meaning "to pollute oneself." 
Doing a little striptease while changing is good for your health! Read more HERE:  
Generally speaking, married women are mentally and physically less healthy than single women. 
Every year, more than 11,000 Americans are injured while experimenting with bizarre sexual positions. 
Humans, on average, spend 2 years of their life making love. 
Celebriphilia is the abnormally intense desire to have sex with a celebrity. If that's you, check THIS out:  
The technical term for sneezing is “sternutation.” 
The average man has 11 erections per day and 9 per night. 
Movies and books really ARE better the second time.  
The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war. 
Having blue eyes is actually a mutation. Before the mutation occurred, all humans had brown eyes. 
It takes about 6 months to produce each episode of "The Simpsons." 
Voldemort means "flight of death" in French. 
Dumbledore is an early modern English word for "Bumblebee." 
Achondroplasiaphobia is the fear of little people. 
There was once a superhero stripper.  
J.K. Rowling said she almost put Hermoine and Fred together, but thought it would be better if she ended up with Ron. 
The U.S. used Metallica, "Sesame Street" and "Barney" to make prisoners in Iraq talk. 
Over the past several years, men’s penises have been shrinking! Learn more here:  
The average person who stops smoking requires one hour less of sleep a night. 
It is illegal in Hawaii to insert pennies into other people's ears. 
All clams are born as male. Some transition to female at some point in their lives. 
One in fourteen women in America is a natural blonde. Only one in sixteen men is. 
"Boardwalk Empire" had the most expensive pilot episode produced in television history. 
After age 30, the brain loses about 50,000 neurons a day. Shrinking by .25% each year. 
An octopus' testicles are located in his head. 
The average teenager spends 31 hours a week on the internet and 4 hours a week on homework! Learn more here:  
The average person can live about a month without eating any food, but can only live about a week without water. 
The Bible is the world’s best-selling book and is also the world’s most shoplifted book. 
The U.S. president makes $400,000 a year and has an extra $169,000 non-taxable account for travel and entertainment. 
The origin of the English word “orgasm” derives from the Greek, “orgaein,” meaning “to swell” or “be excited or lustful.” 
To "testify" was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles. 
Many say waking up is the hardest thing they do during their day. THIS can help:  
Squirrels forget where they hide about half of their nuts. 
The U.S. Government spent $277,000 on pickle research in 1993. 
In Chinese, the KFC slogan "finger lickin' good" translates to "eat your fingers off". 
If you fart consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb. 
You are about 1 centimeter taller in the morning than in the evening. 
THESE things will kill your sex drive!  
As a teenager, Tupac was a ballet dancer.  
Fruits are actually the ovaries of flowers. 
The phrase "rule of thumb" was an old English law which said a man could not beat his wife with anything wider than his thumb. 
Human foreskins are an ingredient in some anti-aging products! Learn more HERE:  
Eating onions and garlic helps your hair grow. 
There is penis implant available for men with erectile dysfunction - The penis inflates when the man squeezes the scrotum. 
Lepidopterophobia is the fear of butterflies. 
Plastybolsaphobia is the fear of plastic bags. 
The white powder on chewing gum is actually sweetened marble dust. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about one of today’s leading companies, Apple!  
By peeing in the shower, you can save 1,157 gallons of water a year. 
You are twice as likely to be bitten by a dog on a full moon. 
Every year, about 40,000 people in the US suffer from toilet related injuries. 
McDonalds feeds 46 MILLION people everyday! Learn more here:  
85% of people can curl their tongue. The ability to do this is genetic. 
The longest beard ever recorded on a woman was 14 inches long. 
A librocubicularist is someone who reads in bed. 
25% of people can compose a text message without looking at their phone. 
"Tampon" is a french word for plug. 
The government denies their existence, but do YOU believe in aliens? Maybe after seeing THIS, you will:  
The average woman spends between 5 and 8 hours a day gossiping. 
"Lol" means "fun" in Dutch! 
Men are biologically more attracted to women with big butts because this indicates fertility. 
This is why you SHOULDN’T use a treadmill!  
Close to 50% of men say it's okay for their girlfriends to cheat with another girl - only 22% would forgive them if it was a guy. 
For men, chewing a stalk of celery releases androstenone and androstenol odour molecules - making them more attractive to women. 
Apple has enough cash to buy a space station!  
There is a perfume made to smell like Play-Doh for "highly creative people." 
The wombat uses its butt to crush the jaw of any predator that tries to enter its burrow. 
Your taste buds have hair! Take a look:  
Before Nicki Minaj crossed over to rap she was a classically trained singer. 
McDonald's uses sodium phosphate, a laxative, in their creamer. 
The sperm of ducks have antibiotics in it which help to stop the spread of STI's. The brighter the bill, the more antibiotics. 
Men and women lie just as much, but for different reasons! Here they are:  
Body Integrity Identity Disorder is a psychological disorder where sufferers feel they would be happier living without arms and legs. 
"Vasocongestion" is the medical term for "blue balls. 
If you are 6 feet 2 inches tall, then you are taller than 94% of the world. 
It takes the typical person 17 months and 26 days to get over an ex.  
The disease that causes Stewie Griffin's head to be shaped like a football is called "craniosynostosis." 
This guys name is Dickie Head!  
Men find women dressed in red more sexually attractive and will spend more money on a date with her. 
Cupid was a symbol of pedophile love in ancient Greece. 
The paper flag that sticks out of the top of a Hershey's kiss is referred to as a "Nigglywiggly." 
British spies had planned to feminize Hitler by sneaking estrogen into his food! 
'Condom' comes the Latin condon, meaning 'receptacle'. 
Vaginas and sharks have something in common! Learn more here:  
According to a 2010 study, the sharing of a smartphone is just as likely to spread disease as sneezing in someone’s face. 
The act of snapping your fingers has an actual name: "fillip." 
The flavors of the foods a pregnant woman eats end up in the amniotic fluid -- The baby might crave these tastes later in life. 
Men with post-orgasmic illness syndrome are allergic to their own semen. 
Most people experience the cross-race effect -- Members of one race have difficulty differentiating between members of another. 
63% of restaurant workers say they have handled or served food while sick. 
The word "penis" comes from the Latin word for "tail." 
THIS is what you didn’t know about breathalyzer tests!  
The modern tampon was invented in 1933, by a man. 
In the 1970s, Mattel marketed a doll called "Growing Up Skipper." Her breasts grew when the arm was turned. 
There are 83 people in the U.S. named Edward Cullen. 
The average college male freshman has THIS many drinks every week!  
Worldwide, pregnancy is the number one cause of death for girls aged fifteen to nineteen. 
Research found that moderate drinkers were 23% less likely to develop dementia and Alzheimers. 
One alcoholic drink a day can reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes by up to 30 percent. 
Men and women who listen to more music tend to be better communicators and even have longer lasting relationships. 
It takes food about seven seconds to get from your mouth to your stomach. 
How did this girl live for 118 days without a heart? Like this:  
A group of officers is called a “mess.” 
The world’s youngest grandmother was 23-years-old!  
Farts are actually flammable. 
It’s impossible to tickle yourself! Here’s why:  
There is a town in Pennsylvania named Intercourse. 
The US government reserves the right to change and control the weather during warfare. 
Have you had more than 15 or more partners in the past 6 months? You might be a sex addict! Read more here:  
Ellen DeGeneres played the first prime-time TV character to reveal she was gay. 
Only female mosquitoes bite - Most male mosquitoes have a lifespan of only 1 week. 
Cleaning your ears and plucking your nose hairs can actually kill you! Read more here:  
Men who watch porn more often tend to be more optimistic. 
Smelling bananas and green apples can help you lose weight.  
Spongebob was originally going to be named “Spongeboy” but couldn’t because a mop product was already using that name. 
Alcohol made from lizards and horse milk! Check THIS out:  
Biggie Smalls cried the first time R. Kelly played him a clip of “I Believe I Can Fly.” 
More tigers are living as pets in the US than there are living in the wild in Asia. 
It’s impossible for most women to do pull ups!  
Peter B. Lewis, chairman of the Progressive Insurance company, donated over $2.3 million towards to the legalization of marijuana. 
The Anglo-Zanzibar war of 1896 was the shortest war in history - Lasting only 45 minutes. 
These students were suspended from school for Tebowing! Read here:  
Men say the thong is the sexiest article of lingerie -- Women think it's the bra. 
It’s practically impossible to sneeze with your eyes open!  
In 1640, condoms were made of dried pig's intestines -- They had to be soaked in milk to soften them before using. 
THIS is the drunkest country in the world!  
In 2009, "Twilight" scored just below "anal sex" in Wikipedia's "Top 100 Most Popular Searches." 
The cry of a newborn child is referred to as a "vagitus." 
The exclamation mark is also known as a "dog's cock" by typesetters. 
Kleine-Levin Syndrome is a disorder that causes people to sleep for weeks at a time. They wake up only to eat. 
According to the U.S. National Health Foundation, after suffering a cold one should wait at least six days before kissing someone. 
Mickey Mouse was the first fictional character to ever do THIS:  
Mastrophobia is the irrational fear of breasts. 
People who suffer from "Urbach-Wiethe" disease are unable to feel fear. 
In the original version of "The Little Mermaid", Ariel does not marry the prince -- He marries someone else and she dies. 
THESE animals greet each other and say hi... by having sex!  
Your brain burns around 300 calories a day and burns slightly more calories when you think harder. 
Adolf Hitler took 28 different drugs for his chronic flatulence -- Among these were cocaine and amphetamines. 
The most commonly hated sound is that of someone throwing up. 
It takes about 0.0004 seconds to retrieve a memory. 
William Shakespeare was dyslexic. 
Flies vomit on their food before consuming it. 
On average, 12 newborn babies are given to the wrong parents every day. 
So you got a new iPhone 5? Here’s what you can use for it!  
Chances are, the fewer germs in your toilet than your kitchen. 
On average, women's public restrooms contain about twice as much bacteria than men's. 
There's enough carbon in your body to make 900 pencils. 
Giraffes fall from a height of about 6.5 feet when they are born. 
The hormone responsible for growth is produced while you sleep. 
Some of the world’s richest people are college dropouts! See here:  
Newborn babies blink about once or twice a minute. Adults blink about 20 times a minute. 
Walruses have 3 times the sucking power of the average vacuum cleaner. 
Ferrets can suffer from depression. 
An average man will spend 145 days of his life shaving. 
It would take 4,000 helium balloons to lift a 110 pound person. 
Fish can rain from the sky! See here:  
Humans have the natural ability to smell fear in other people’s sweat. 
People who are not lactose intolerant actually have mutated genes!  
A blue whale’s penis is usually about 7 to 8 feet in length. 
Giraffes, penguins and lions have all homosexual tendencies! Learn more here:  
People who laugh more are better able to tolerate pain - Both physical and emotional. 
Men are more interested in dating women who are taken while women are more likely to respect a man’s relationship. 
Research suggests that it’s not possible for heterosexual men and women to truly be “just friends.”  
The most successful pirate captain was actually a Chinese prostitute - She had 80,000 sailors working for her. 
In Poland, spiders are common Christmas tree decorations because (according to legend) a spider wove a blanket for Baby Jesus. 
How did Simon Cowell get started? Working on music for WWE, Power Rangers and Teletubbies! Learn more:  
The USA is not ranked in the top 10 countries with the fastest internet speeds. 
The term “douchebag” was originally used as a derogatory term for women who had a lot of sex. 
350 slices of pizza are sold every second in America. 
Cheese rolling, extreme ironing, and wife carrying are all real sports! Check this out:  
Women tend to have more trouble finding their parked cars than men!  
Fruit flies tend to drink alcohol after being rejected as a mate. 
Pumpkins are actually berries. 
At the age of 53, “Weird Al” Yankovic has outlived many of the artists he’s parodied. 
Mike Tyson claims he got into his first fight after an older boy ripped the head off of one of his pigeons. 
Eating these foods can help reduce your risk of cancer!  
A millionaire in Maryland uses his money to dress up and Batman and bring smiles to sick children in the hospital.  
The average yearly salary for a stripper is about $125,000. 
According to a BBC World Poll taken in 21 countries, most foreign countries prefer Obama.  
Vampire bats will vomit blood into the mouths of sick bats to help keep them alive. 
50% of the time, there is fecal matter in the drinks you get from fast food restaurants! Read more here:  
About 56 million years ago, horses the size of ducks roamed North America. 
You would have to consume 130 cups of tea consecutively to die of caffeine overdose. 
Men are able to make better spatial judgments than women because of their higher exposure to testosterone before birth. 
This guy has the ability to turn his head 180 degrees, from the front to the back!  
Having an orgasm at least 3 times a week reduces your likelihood of dying from heart disease by 50%. 
Your subconscious mind is 30,000 times more powerful than your conscious mind. 
There are 7 billion people in the world. If you met each person for 1 second, it would take 32 years to meet everyone. 
There are 12 calories in a tablespoon of sperm. Same as eating 4 Tic-Tacs. 
The word "fetus" is Latin for "little one." 
Female orgasms last about 4 times longer than males! THIS is why it might suck to be a guy:  
Facebook is harder to resist than cigarettes and alcohol. 
It only takes seven pounds of pressure to rip off someone's ear. 
The longest known record for constipation was 102 days. 
These are actually the healthiest superfoods ever!  
Societies in Ancient Rome, Germany and China used urine as mouthwash. 
There are at least 100 chemical reactions taking place in our brains every second. 
Human birth-control pills work on gorillas. 
A whale's penis is called a "dork." 
If you feed a seagull Alka Seltzer, its stomach will explode. 
The female Orb-web spider eats the male during sex, but the male's penis is detachable and still finishes the job. 
In the 19th century, tampons were used to stop bleeding from bullet wounds so soldiers could survive in battle. 
Red Velvet Cake, tastes delicious, and is made from bugs! Learn more here:  
The only sense that doesn't fully rest when we are sleeping is our hearing. 
The condom was invented in the early 1500s, originally made of lamb intestines and needed to be soaked in milk to soften before use. 
There's a town in France named "Anus." 
Burger King uses approximately 1/2 million pounds of bacon every month. 
When the Egyptians destroyed Libya in the 13th century B.C. they took 13,250 penises of their conquered enemies as trophies. 
Beyoncé is actually a champion at Connect Four! See here:  
In Florida, it's illegal to watch your neighbor's house burn down and not tell them it's on fire. 
28% of employed Americans have had an affair with their boss. 
A person who smokes a pack of cigarettes a day will on average, lose two teeth every ten years. 
There are 200,000,000 insects for every human in the world. 
Both Hitler and Napoleon were missing one testicle. 
Naps can help increase your learning ability! Read more here:  
Your nails would dissolve in a cup of Coca-Cola in about, 4 days. 
Your foot is the same length as your thigh, your fist is the size of your heart, and your hand is the size of your face. 
The Aztecs and Ancient were known to rub urine on their skin to treat cuts and burns. 
It costs about $10,000 to have your picture taken with Michelle Obama. 
Showers and popping zits can be deadly! Read more HERE:  
At the age of 12, Ryan Gosling became Canada’s first and only Mousketeer on Disney’s Mickey Mouse Club.  
The brain shuts down your vision when you turn your head quickly, to prevent motion blur. 
The bonobo monkey (closest relative to humans) is naturally bisexual. 
Strawberries, nuts and carrots can help make you beautiful! Take a look:  
It’s estimated that there were 5 different human species living on the planet about 30,000 years ago. 
There was a dance epidemic in 1518 (during the Roman Empire) where some people danced for 6 days straight and died. 
Every minute, 5 CDs are sold on eBay and 7,000 songs are downloaded on iTunes. 
There's actually a strategy to increase your chances of winning at Rock, Paper, Scissors!  
Disney World goes through 194,874 miles of toilet paper every year. 
People with blue eyes have a higher alcohol tolerance! Want to know how much you can take? Find out HERE:  
The "Original Thought Theory" states that anything anyone can ever say, has already been said by someone else. 
Sleeping allows your brain’s synapses to be optimized and prevents your brain from becoming too large. 
You can wear the same pair of jeans for 15 months, and they won't get dirty!  
Sheyla Hershey holds the record for largest breast implants. She wears a 38KKK! Read here:  
Pomology is the study of fruit. 
Roughly 12% of the population dreams in black and white. 
It’s possible for oysters to get herpes. 
Bill Gates changed his school’s program codes so he was placed in class with mostly female students. 
THIS is why you might be gaining weight!  
8 years worth of video is uploaded to YouTube every single day. 
It would take 1,000,000 human brains to store all of the information that can be found on the internet. 
Androphobia is the fear of men. 
More than 110 billion tampons have been sold since 1936. 
Exercise can actually be BAD for your health! Learn more here:  
If you spend one hour in a swimming pool, you will intake about 50 ounces of urine. 
This guy once found a slice of human skin in his chicken sandwich!  
The word "school" comes from the Greek word "skhol" which means "leisure time." 
The least successful Harry Potter movie earned about $90 million more than the most successful Twilight movie. 
There are enough preservatives in a bag of Doritos to mummify a small dog. 
THESE are the most common causes of failed relationships!  
Bananas contain a natural chemical (which is also found in prozac) which can make a person happy. 
"I Gotta Feeling" by the Black Eyed Peas is the best-selling digital song of all time. 
No matter which angle you look at Mickey Mouse, his ears will always be round. 
If you bite down on a Wint-O-Green LifeSaver in the dark, you will see sparks. 
Jack Black's parents are both Rocket Scientists. 
About 9 million Americans suffer from some form of sexual addiction! Are you one of them? Find out HERE:  
Mosquitos don't just bite you. They also urinate on you after sucking your blood. 
There are 47 people named "Lol" in the U.S. 
"Erotomania" is a type of delusion where the affected person believes another individual is in love with him or her. 
LOL used to mean "Lots of Love" before meaning "Laugh Out Loud" when used on the internet. 
It is legal to send live chickens through the mail. 
"Vampire Disease" is a real condition in which the sun causes people pain! Learn more here:  
Albert Einstein never wore socks. 
A strawberry is not an actual berry, but a banana is. 
Pokémon cards are banned in Saudi Arabia because they are recognized as a form of gambling. 
Einstein's brain was taken without his written consent after he died and was cut into 240 pieces. 
Mila Kunis was only 14 when she first starred in "That 70's Show." She had lied to the producers claiming that she was 18. 
There are 923 words in the English language that break the "i before e" rule. Only 44 words actually follow that rule. 
George W. Bush was once arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol when he was 30 years old. 
Donkeys kill more people than plane crashes! Check THIS out:  
Hitler has a romantic relationship with his niece, who committed suicide in 1931 with the same pistol he used to end his own life in 1945. 
There is a book called "The Snuggie Sutra" which contains 85+ sex positions that can be done with a snuggie. 
People who are blind from birth dream using their senses of smell, touch, sound and emotion. 
Cats can cause people to become schizophrenic! Here’s why pets can be BAD for your health:  
We actually live about 80 milliseconds in the past because that's how long it takes our brains to process information. 
Prostitutes in Spain have to wear reflective vests (like highway workers) to reduce accidents. 
If you apply an electric current to a pickle, it will glow in the dark. 
The cast of “Glee” has had more songs chart than the Beatles. 
The average person spends 3 years of his or her life on a toilet. 
Everyday 3,000 children try THIS for the first time:  
Barack Obama was the first president to ever brew beer in the White House. 
85% of the world's human population makes less than $200 a month. 
Echopraxia is the technical term for the involuntary urge to imitate someone else. 
Americans have more sex than anyone else in the world! Check THIS out:  
MC Hammer once challenged Michael Jackson to a dance-off. 
It would take at least 480 bananas to die of of potassium overdose. 
All of the Rugrats were voiced by women. 
A man once found a condom in his hamburger!  
In a group of 23 people, there is a 50% chance that 2 of them will share the same birthday. 
A million dollars' worth of $100 bills only weighs 22 pounds. 
Someone gets divorced every 10 to 13 seconds in America. 
It takes twice as long to lose new muscle after you stop working out than it did to gain it. 
These are 7 reasons why you SHOULDN’T have sex!  
Out of the 88 oldest living people in the world (In September of 2011), only 6 of them were male. 
In New York City, about 1,600 people are bitten by other humans every year. 
Super glue was originally invented to close cuts and wounds. 
Stepping out for a walk everyday can help you sleep better at night. 
In Ancient Greece, Spartan soldiers would have homosexual relationships to “boost morale” and gain a stronger emotional bond. 
This is what you may or may not have known about what’s inside of you!  
Canadian porcupines kiss each other on the lips. 
A group of jellyfish is called a "smack." 
People tend to be more scared of frogs as opposed to rats. 
47% of people have a nightmare at least once a month. 
According to a recent poll, more women talk to their cars than men. 
People who sweat easily are in better shape than those who don’t! Learn more here:  
More boys than girls are born during the day; more girls are born at night. 
The average American consumes about 9 pounds of food ADDITIVES every year. 
Coffee drinkers have more sex than non-coffee drinkers. 
After reading THIS, you might think twice about going into another pool!  
In one day, the average person will take about 18,000 steps. 
A butterfly sees you through their 12,000 eyes. 
The technical term for your foot "falling asleep" is "taresthesia." 
Cypridophobia is the fear of prostitutes. 
Cotton candy only costs about six cents per serving to make, including the cardboard cone. 
It’s possible to be allergic to water! Learn more here:  
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair. 
Cuddling warms the heart and may protect it. It's also highly efficient at reducing the effects of stress. 
Egyptian women would insert stones into their vagina to prevent pregnancy. 
"Yo Mama" jokes were invented by Shakespeare. 
"Anuptaphobia" is the fear of staying single. 
Did you know THIS about alcohol?  
The colder the room you sleep in, the more likely you are to have a bad dream. 
1% of women can have an orgasm completely through breast stimulation. 
Memories are transferred in the brain from temporary to permanent storage while we sleep. 
People spend about 50% of their time daydreaming. 
The human brain can only maintain 150 stable social relationships. 
Pushing your tongue against the roof of your mouth will cure you of brain freeze. 
The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about space!  
Jimmy Neutron in "Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius" was voiced by a 35 year old woman. 
"Remus Lupin" from Harry Potter can be rearranged to spell "Primus Lune," which means "full moon." 
The rumbling sound your stomach makes when hungry is called "borborygmus." 
578 billion searches were requested for Lady Gaga in 2011! Check out THESE most common Google searches:  
In 1946, Walt Disney produced an animated film called "The Story of Menstruation." 
Staying up all night will cause your body to burn an extra 161 calories. 
According to NASA, the perfect nap should last no more than 26 minutes. 
Humans tend to stare at people whom have bad reputations longer. 
The average hug lasts 3 seconds. 
THIS man was slowly turning into a tree!  
Lips are 100 times more sensitive than the tips of the fingers. 
There's a village named Fingringhoe in England. 
Many teens who sleep less than 8-9 hours suffer from irritability, mood swings and even depression. 
The U.S. Government banned Furbies in 1998! Learn more here:  
Women are more influenced by how a man smells rather than how he looks. 
Ignorant people are more likely to doubt the truth of facts that contradict their beliefs. 
Female koalas often engage in lesbian orgies when kept in captivity. 
Repeatedly hitting something until you get it to work is actually called “percussive maintenance.” 
White chocolate doesn’t actually contain any chocolate in it. 
Human foreskins are an ingredient in some anti-aging products! Learn more HERE:  
The first Paranormal Activity movie was actually filmed in the director’s house. 
Deep breathing can help release tension and toxins from your body. 
The average German eats 114 chocolate bars a year - The average American eats 51. 
Worldwide, the average age at which a person loses their virginity is 19! Learn more here:  
Your ears secrete more wax when you are afraid. 
Scientists estimate that 86% of all land creatures and 91% of sea creatures remain undiscovered. 
Students who eat a complete breakfast and more berries tend to get higher grades in school than those who don’t. 
Sperm cells actually have a sense of smell. 
People who have sex once or twice a week tend to have stronger immune systems. 
THESE medicines will put you to sleep faster than anything else! Find out why:  
Sleeping on the left side of the bed makes you more positive and cheerful. 
The right ear is more efficient for listening to speech, while the left ear is better at listening to music. 
By harnessing a new sphere of science named "Lovotics," researchers say it is possible to create love between humans and robots. 
Would you pay $50,000 to go to high school? THESE people did!  
Overeating may cause brain aging while eating less turns on a molecule that helps the brain stay young. 
"Whatever" has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row. 
The average bra is designed to last for 180 days. 
Cows do have best friends and become stressed when they are separated. 
Having sex can reduce a fever because of the sweat produced. 
Having sex can reduce a fever because of the sweat produced. 
You're more likely to die on your way to buy a lottery ticket than you are to actually win the lottery. 
Shakespeare invented the word "swagger." 
Men are three times as bad at multitasking than women. 
When high or "stoned" your IQ drops by 5 points. When attempting to multitask, it drops by an average of 10 points. 
Men tend to overestimate the interest of an attractive woman. Women tend to underestimate men's desire. 
Laughter releases feelings of tension, anger, fear, guilt and anxiety. 
An elephant can die from a broken heart. 
Déja Vu occurs when your brain applies a memory of a similar situation to your current situation, making you think it has happened already. 
All male mammals have a sudden increase in stamina and sexual performance when a new female is introduced during or right after sex. 
3:44AM is the most common time to wake up at night. 
Viagra was created to treat high blood pressure and heart disease. 
Even though they have no brains, jellyfish are able to detect light. 
Dogs walked by men are four times more likely to threaten other dogs than dogs walked by women. 
The earliest known same-sex wedding took place in 65 A.D. 
Squidward appears in more episodes of Spongebob Squarepants than Patrick. 
The government denies their existence, but do YOU believe in aliens? Maybe after seeing THIS, you will:  
People find alcohol sweeter in noisy environments. This drowns out our ability to judge how much we're actually drinking. 
More than one in every 10 banknotes in circulation in Britain is contaminated with cocaine. 
There's a village called "Pussy" in France. 
Out of all the senses, smell is most closely linked to memory. 
There's a town called "Tittybong" in Australia. 
These foods may taste great, but they're deadly! Read here:  
At birth, a baby Panda is smaller than a mouse. 
The average American consumes 53 gallons of soda every year. 
Sugar is addictive - It’s consumption releases an opiate-like substance that our brain percieves as a reward, making us want more. 
One of the most common nightmares is of a person getting chased! HERE’s what you didn’t know about them:  
Nomophobia (no-mobile-phone phobia) is the fear of being without your cellphone or losing your signal. 
Starfish have an eye at the end of each of their arms. 
A 2010 study concluded that iPhone users have about twice as much sex as Android users. 
If ants were the size of humans, they would be able to run twice as fast as a Lamborghini. 
Girls who trust their fathers to tend to have better communication and longer relationships with their boyfriends. 
Studies have found that poorer people have more sex! Read more HERE:  
Coca-Cola was initially developed by pharmacists to help cure headaches. 
People with higher IQs tend to have a more difficult time falling asleep at night due to increased brain activity. 
Russia and Japan never signed a peace treaty ending World War II. 
Chainsaws were originally created as a tool to help deliver babies. 
In France, you can legally marry a dead person! Learn more here:  
Humans fetuses actually react to rock music by kicking. 
In 4 billion years, our Milky Way galaxy will collide with it’s neighboring Andromeda galaxy. 
In Arizona, it is against the law to take nude pictures before noon on Sunday. 
Kobe Bryant’s middle name is Bean. 
The Science of Harry Potter, Underwater Basket Weaving and Cyberporn and Society are all college classes! Read here:  
The more you burp, the less you will fart. 
Human yawns are contagious, not only to other people, but to dogs, as well. 
Hugging and non-sexual contact are essential in maintaining a long-lasting relationship. 
The French eat four times as much butter, 60% more cheese, and nearly three times as much pork compared to the rest of the world. 
Men report a median of 19 thoughts about sex per day. Women report a median of 10 per day. 
It’s possible to become addicted to video games! Check this out:  
People are most truthful in face-to-face conversations and lie the most over the phone. 
The average woman spends about 2 years of her lifetime looking at herself in a mirror. Men spend about 6 months. 
2 days left for a chance to win a $50 iTunes Giftcard! All you have to do is play any puzzle HERE:  
Left-handed people die on average, 9 years earlier than right-handed people. 
Listening to music can actually help give you a better workout! Learn more here:  
The "Powerpuff Girls" were originally called the "Whoopass Girls." 
In Samoa, it's a crime to forget your own wife's birthday. 
Your earlobes line up with your nipples. 
Men are twice as likely to post updates on social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter after sex. 
There's a LEGO building block system called Cock Bloc Super. 
You might want to learn some more about sushi before you eat it! Check THIS out:  
Hunger, thirst and lust all affect the same area of the brain. 
Daily candy and junk intake in children has been linked to violence later in life. 
Dolly Parton's breasts are insured for $600,000. 
Are you a midnight snacker? Check out which foods won’t make you fat!  
The same technology responsible for Auto-Tune was originally used to measure earthquakes. 
Depressed people eat more chocolate. 
Drinking ice water burns about 1 calorie per ounce. 
The production staff for "The Exorcist" believed they had created a real demon and had a priest come bless the set. 
By 2020, depression will be one of the leading causes of death and disability. 
Listening to upbeat and cheerful music makes you perceive your surroundings as happier. 
The term "happily ever after" was originally used as "happily until they died." 
These guys robbed a bank and were arrested for making THIS their profile picture!  
Optimus prime was originally called Orion Pax, and he had a girlfriend called Elita One. 
Petting a cat helps lower blood pressure, not just for humans, but for the cat also. 
Thinking about sex can help you hold in your pee longer. 
The better you forget, the better you'll be able to remember important things. 
Lewis Carroll, the author of Alice in Wonderland, wanted to marry an 11 year old girl named Alice when he was 31. 
These guys became millionaires when they were teenagers!  
Depressed people dream up to three times as much as non-depressed people. 
Hitler's first love was a Jewish woman. 
The average 78 year old has spent 3 months of their life waiting, 4 years cleaning and 16 hours having orgasms. 
"Vergangenheitsbewaltigung" is a German word for a "struggling to come to terms with the past." 
Every second, 28,258 internet users are watching porn. 
Here’s a little tip to help you go to sleep faster and help you wake up in the morning!  
The fear of having, seeing, or thinking about an erect penis is called "ithyphallophobia." 
Pumbaa from "The Lion King" was the first character to fart in a Disney movie. 
Teens who sleep less tend to eat more fatty foods and snacks. 
You might be an alcoholic along with 17 million other people! Read this:  
About 200 calories are burned during an intense sex session. That's the equivalent of running 15 minutes on a treadmill. 
Georgians have a word for when you're full, but can't stop eating a good meal. It's "shemomedjamo." 
People who are newly in love produce decreased levels of serotonin - As low as levels seen in people with OCD. 
Eating too much broccoli can cause sexual dysfunction and mental retardation. 
Minnie Mouse’s first name is really Minerva. 
Why were these fish raining from the sky?! Find out HERE:  
65% of people admit to using the internet as an escape from their problems. 
Duck semen actually has the ability to kill bacteria. 
Flamin’ Hot Cheetos can cause your poop to turn red!  
Coca-Cola can do THIS to your car... Should you still be drinking it?  
Every 3 out of 4 people have glossophobia, the fear of public speaking. 
NASA beamed “Across the Universe” by The Beatles into space - If aliens ever hear it, it will be the first human song they listen to. 
If a Walmart employee sees you pocket an item, they are required to follow you around the store. 
Dolphins have the ability to recognize and admire themselves in a mirror. 
400 million years ago, a day was 21 hours long instead of 24 hours long. 
Barack Obama has a Cadillac with 8 inch thick doors, equipped with shotguns inside of it! Check this out:  
A hug that lasts for 20 seconds releases oxytocin, which can make someone trust you more. 
Shaquille O’ Neal has a doctoral degree in Education. 
Studies show that people who spend a lot of time on the internet are more likely to be depressed, lonely and mentally unstable. 
Men change their minds more often than women! Check THIS out:  
During sex, women are more likely to orgasm if they are wearing socks. 
McDonald’s hamburgers do not decompose - Even after being left out for 6 months!  
The more men masturbate, the lower their chance of getting Prostate Cancer. 
Squidward from Spongebob Squarepants is an octopus, not a squid. 
Chocolate is good for your teeth. Chocolate can help fight against bacteria in the mouth and stop dental decay. 
The wedding cake was not always eaten by the bride. Originally, it was thrown at her to symbolize her fertility. 
Homophobic men are more likely to be in the closet! Read more HERE:  
People who make their beds, have fresh sheets, and clean bedrooms sleep better at night those others. 
Queen Victoria would use marijuana to relieve menstrual cramps. 
Most teddy bears are manufactured with a neutral expression so children can project their own emotions onto them. 
Want to have glowing skin and a better complexion? Eat some of THIS:  
There is a village in England called "Bitchfield." 
Falling out of bed kills about 450 people in the US every year. 
Bathtubs kill about 340 people every year. 
Falling in love can act as a potent painkiller. 
Scottish people have a word for that awkward hesitation before you have to introduce someone whose name you can't remember. It's "Tartle." 
THIS is what you didn’t know about your dreams!  
Research shows that men tend to fall in love after just three dates, but women don't fall in love until date 14. 
Facebook has been linked to 1 out of every 5 divorces in the United States and is increasing in other countries too. 
The average person burns 30 calories per hour while typing. 
Steve Jobs dropped the first iPod in water to show it was too big by the amount of bubbles coming out. 
Brazilians have a word for "tenderly running your fingers through your lover's hair," Cafuné. 
Great White Sharks have teeth the size of your fingers! See for yourself:  
Within 5 minutes of waking, half of your dream is forgotten. Within 10 minutes, 90% is gone. 
There are 300 registered Superheroes living in the United States. 
The average woman smiles 62 times a day. The average man smiles only 8 times. 
Temperature can affect appetite. A person in a colder room is likely to eat more. 
You can stop mosquito bites from itching by running them under hot water. 
People who are easily embarrassed tend to be more trustworthy and generous. 
There's a place called Narnia in Bangladesh. 
Getting THESE put on your body was illegal in some states until 2006!  
Babies born in autumn or winter are more likely to develop a food allergy than those born in spring or summer. 
The music a person hears in childhood may affect that person's musical preferences as an adult. 
Jackie Chan holds the Guinness World Record for “Most Stunts by a Living Actor.” 
On average, people who masturbate more tend to live longer and healthier lives! Learn more here:  
“Whatevs” has been added to the Oxford English Dictionary. 
A person who hides their pain behind a smile is called an “eccedentesiast.” 
Guilty feelings actually weaken your immune system. 
Kissing someone is more sanitary than shaking hands with them. 
Piercing your tongue is actually bad for your heart!  
It really does take more muscles to frown than to smile! Take a look:  
Every year 1.2 million students drop out of school in the USA. That's about one every 26 seconds. 
If your throat tickles, scratching your ear can make it go away. 
The man who voices Spongebob Squarepants is married to the woman who voices Plankton's computer wife Karen. 
High heels were originally made for men. 
If you want to keep a good relationship with a woman, THIS is what you shouldn’t do:  
A study suggests the higher your IQ, the more you dream. 
Steve Jobs stated that using LSD was "one of two or three most important things I have done in my life." 
Before toilet paper was invented, Hawaiians used coconut shells. 
You might not want to eat meat after reading THIS:  
As part of sex rehab, Tiger Woods was asked to write down the names of women he has slept with. He wrote down 120 names. 
The pupil of the eye expands by as much as 45% when looking at someone pleasing. 
Female porcupines have been witnessed using wooden sticks as dildos. 
An intense and persistent fear of Halloween is called "Samhainophobia." 
Denmark has instituted a "fat tax" on unhealthy foods in an effort to curb obesity. 
How did two dolphins die after overdosing on drugs? Read here:  
A British fashion designer created a dress from 3,000 cow and yak nipples. 
Your nose can remember 50,000 scents. 
Ke$ha spends $3,000 a month on glitter!  
Women tend to eat more when there are no men around. And they consume more when in larger groups of females. 
Elephantitis Balls is a condition you DON'T want to have! Take a look:  
The female brain is much more adept at reading the subtle facial and verbal emotional expressions. 
Some men have the ability to breastfeed!  
Gene Simmons, from the band Kiss, was an elementary school teacher before becoming a rockstar. 
If you were to be paid $500 in pennies, you would actually have enough metal to be melted down and sold for over $1,000. 
We are actually addicted to pop music - A “catchy” song sends a rush of dopamine to parts of the brain, which we perceive as pleasurable. 
Diphallasparatus is a condition in which a man has two penises. How much do YOU know about the penis?  
Being a Star Trek fan can get you a $500 college scholarship from an organization called Starfleet. 
Students who eat a complete breakfast (as well as eat more berries) tend to get higher grades in school than students who do not. 
Only 2 people know the Coca-Cola recipe and they are not allowed to travel on the same plane. 
Love drinking? Take a look at this:  
Coffee, soda, tea and chocolate have all been known to decrease fertility in women. 
Flavor Flav knows how to play 4 instruments - The guitar, piano, drums and the oboe. 
On How I Met Your Mother, Lily’s annoying ex-boyfriend (Scooter) is played by David Burtka, Neil Patrick Harris’ real-life partner. 
Studies revealed that on average, fans of Lil Wayne's music have lower test scores than fans of Beethoven (who have some of the highest). 
There is an erotic dance popular in Jamaica called “daggering” - It was banned from TV after causing too many broken penises. 
Need to pass a drug test? Check THIS out:  
A teaspoon of sugar after eating something really spicy will completely neutralize the heat sensation. 
"Backpfeifengesicht" is a German word for a face that badly needs a punch. 
The country of Brazil performs sex change operations for free because it is recognized as a constitutional right. 
In 2010, teachers in Switzerland had an average salary of about $112,000 per year. 
Smoking marijuana can make you skinny!  
The CIA created a project called “Project MK-ULTRA” in which they experimented with LSD to wipe the memories of retiring CIA agents. 
You are more likely to get stabbed or shot at a strip club than anywhere else! Learn more HERE:  
People who dance often are likely to have higher self-esteem and a more positive outlook on life. 
Singing in the shower daily can help boost your immunity, lower blood pressure, reduce stress, and improve your mood! 
A 2011 Canadian study found that listening to your favorite music is one of the fastest ways to get rid of a bad mood. 
Think you know what's true about marijuana and what isn't? Well, check THIS out:  
According to National Geographic, redheads might become extinct by the year 2060. 
Masturbation clears nasal congestion. 
It is illegal in California to lick toads. Apparently, people were licking toads to get high and were harmed by its poison. 
There's an Obama Fried Chicken (OFC) in China. 
For $68 you can buy a Louis Vuitton Condom. 
A pregnant goldfish is called a “twit.” 
Think someone is lying to you? Here's a few tips to know for sure!  
Giving birth is the second most painful thing a human can experience - The first is being burned alive. 
September 12th is known as the “Day of Conception” in Russia - A holiday given to couples simply so they can have sex. 
The dildo was invented about 15,000 years before the wheel. 
You actually have a third eyelid! See here:  
There is a SnūzNLūz alarm clock, that donates some of your money to charity every time you hit the snooze button. 
The Nintendo Wii, Playstation and XBox are all banned in China, even though they are all manufactured in China. 
Beer and vaginas have almost the same acidity levels with an average pH of 4.5. 
In Assassin’s Creed 3, every victim as well as the time and location of their death were inspired by real-life events. 
People who regularly play video games are faster at making real-life decisions. 
“Breaking Bad, Mad Men and Walking Dead” have all been called the most bad-ass shows on television! See here:  
The viral video “2 Girls, 1 Cup” was actually just the trailer for a full length porn flick called “Hungry Bitches.” 
Memorizing the lyrics to songs can help strengthen your brain and reduce the risk of alzheimers. 
Couples were often given ecstasy during marriage counseling in the 1970’s to help strengthen communication. 
You probably didn’t know you could do THIS with your iPhone!  
At any given time, nearly 25% of the world’s population is daydreaming about sex. 
By the year 2112, there will be 750 million Facebook profiles of dead people. 
Drugs prescribed by doctors kill 6 times as many people every year than the number of people who died on 9/11. 
Selenium and glycoprotein are chemicals which are both found in human semen - They can reduce a woman’s risk of breast cancer by 50%. 
Most people skip the first slice of bread because it simply looks “ugly” to them. 
If your parents had insomnia or other sleep problems, you are more likely to either have or develop sleep problems. 
Bubble wrap was first manufactured to be sold as wall paper. 
Nearly 40% of men do not feel confident when meeting a woman for the first time. 
It takes only 7 seconds to determine another person's attractiveness. 
Justin Bieber can solve a Rubik's Cube... in 84 seconds! Check this out:  
There are 52 playing cards in a deck to represent the 52 weeks in a year - The four suits represent the 4 seasons. 
IKEA stores are designed like mazes in order to prevent customers from leaving. 
For every human killed by sharks, 2 million sharks have been killed by humans. 
A spouse's chances of becoming obese increases by 37% if his or her partner is obese. 
Snoop Dogg was Cameron Diaz's drug-dealer in high school!  
The colors you see in your dreams can have meaning! Learn more here:  
Lack of sleep can result in increased desire for sex and substance abuse among teens. 
Ariel is the only Disney Princess to have had a child. 
Some twins create their own language, known as "cryptophasia," that only they can understand. 
Life is short and THIS is how much of it you spend working!  
Both humans and cats have identical regions in their brains that are responsible for emotions. 
"Kjรฆrlighet på pinne" is the Norwegian word for "lollipop" and translates to "love on a stick." 
Studies suggest that left-handed people are more talented in spatial awareness, math and architecture. 
When a man spots a woman he finds attractive, he holds his gaze for about 8.2 seconds. 
Apples are more efficient at helping you do THIS than caffeine!  
Daydreamers are better at solving complex problems. 
France is the leading country for people who get the most sleep. The U.S. is number 2. 
Loneliness is contagious. 
Analysis Paralysis is when someone analyzes the effects of a potential decision to the point where they don't make it. 
People who complain of boredom are 2.5 times more likely to die from a heart attack or stroke than those who don't. 
90% of people who have had an affair say the person they cheated with was uglier than their actual partner! See here:  
It takes only 200 milliseconds to read emotion from a person's facial expression. 
A survey found one in five women have ended a relationship because their significant other was too busy playing video games. 
The Spanish word for "wife" (esposa) also means handcuffs (esposas). 
Fresh apples give off ethylene gas, which when put next to bananas, helps them ripen faster. 
There's a lane in Norfolk, UK called Sluts Hole Lane. 
There are about 10 million tiny bugs in your mattress! Take a look:  
In Guam, there's a full time, paid job for men to "help" women lose their virginity since virgins are not allowed to get married. 
"Cortard's Syndrome" is a mental disorder in which a person believes that he or she is dead or does not exist. 
Slang for "prostitute" in Victorian times was "blowsy" and slang for "ejaculation" was "blow" leading to the current phrase "blow job." 
Don't eat healthy? That habit formed when you were a baby! Take a look:  
Women remember men with a deep voice more than those with a high voice. 
People who believe their partners are a perfect match tend to stay happier, even if they're wrong. 
Mitt Romney once got into a fight with Sky Blu of LMFAO!  
You might not have known THIS about the American government!  
There's an Angry Birds theme park in China. 
Girls go through puberty at a substantially younger age if their father isn't present. 
Sugar doesn't actually give you cavities! Here's the truth:  
The average amount of time a woman can keep a secret is 47 hours and 15 minutes. 
People take insults better when they're lying down. 
In China, you can hire a person to stand in line for you at $3 an hour. 
Washing your hair helps to get rid of acne! Learn more here:  
Women are more likely to say "I'm sorry" than men because they are more likely to think they've done something wrong. 
Being born in winter increases risk of mental health disorders. 
Haven't LIKED on Facebook yet? Do it! It's easy!  
Dolphin’s actually form “gangs” and will assault others to show authority. 
It’s against the law to have sex with a porcupine in Florida. 
This woman was arrested for calling 911 repeatedly... To thank them for their delicious bologna sandwiches.  
Tanning is addictive! Read why:  
We are more attracted to the way a person smells than we are to the way they look. 
More than half of the entire world’s population is under 25-years-old. 
Male llamas have a separate set of “fighting teeth” - They are used to attack and bite the testicles off of other males. 
Humans were built to walk barefoot! That's why most shoes are bad for your health! How bad are yours? Check THIS out:  
Some holocaust survivors died of chocolate and candy overdose within their first week of freedom. 
Coming up with a solution that actually makes the problem worse is called the “Cobra Effect.” 
During the Middle Ages, being a bad musician was a public offense and lousy musicians were tortured. 
South Korean scientists have created cats that glow in the dark!  
Studies suggest easily distracted people are more creative. 
Some scientists claim that we will encounter alien life within the next 20 years. 
Boanthropy is a psychological disorder in which a human is convinced that they are an ox. 
Did you know THESE huge celebrities actually had dyslexia?  
Stan Lee created Iron Man as a challenge to create a character no one should like and force people to like him. 
Thinking too much can actually make you fat!  
1 in 12 people literally have sex in their sleep. 
Female orgasms last about 4 times longer than males! THIS is why it might suck to be a guy:  
Lack of sleep can cause you to gain weight. 
J.K. Rowling makes about $8 every second. 
According the rare Lion King novel series, Scar's real name is "Taka" - Which is Swahili for "dirt." 
Video games can lead to higher grades in school!  
Steve from "Blue's Clues" has a net worth of $22 million. 
Today's average smartphone has more computing power than the first space shuttle ever produced. 
Are you a midnight snacker? Check out which foods won’t make you fat!  
Only 1 out of every 3 humans on earth uses the Internet. 
Humans are the slowest growing of all mammals. 
Only 1 person out of every 2 billion will live to be 116 years of age. 
The average college male freshman has THIS many drinks every week!  
Kim Jong-Il's biography claimed that him and his father created the world and controlled the weather. 
Lemons ripen after you pick them, but oranges don't. 
Women who regularly jog live about 5.6 years longer on average than women who do not jog. 
One out of every 4 Americans have appeared on TV. 
By the age of 70, the average American will have eaten 23 pigs, 14 cattle, and 12 sheep. 
Apples are more efficient at waking you up in the morning than caffeine. 
The average American consumes about 7 pounds of potato chips every year. 
Red Velvet Cake, tastes delicious, and is made from bugs! Learn more here:  
George Washington wore size 13 shoes. 
The average woman will use about 11,400 tampons in her lifetime. 
A man is more likely to ask a woman out and spend money on her if she is wearing red. 
An avocado is not just a fruit, it is also a berry. 
The first text message ever was sent on December 3rd of 1992 -- It said “Merry Christmas.” 
Beyoncé is actually a Connect Four champ! See here:  
Every Chili’s restaurant has one picture hanging upside-down inside and it’s a challenge for the customers to find it. 
The Gulabi Gang (meaning pink gang) is a gang of women in India that go after abusive husbands and fight to stop child marriages. 
The opposite of a kink (something that turns you on) is called a “squick” (something that sexually turns you off). 
Pringles are technically not potato chips because only 42% of the chip is made of potatoes - The rest is rice and flour. 
Cows give more milk when listening to music. 
Think about THIS next time you're out having a drink with friends!  
In 1965, Mitt Romney was arrested for using large blocks of ice to slide down the slopes of a golf course. 
About 8,500 new words and terms are added to the English language every year. 
THIS is why bacon has its own holiday!  
Dendrophobia is the fear of trees. 
In some cases, it would be cheaper to give homeless people homes, than to let them live on the street. 
Sisqo claims he was inspired to write “The Thong Song” after seeing a woman go commando at his nephew’s baptism. 
LIKE on Facebook!  
Nicotine addiction is harder to take control of than an addiction to heroin. 
Nicki Minaj and Lil Wayne both received “Teacher of The Year” awards due to their influence over young adults.  
These are actually the healthiest superfoods ever!  
Herpes is actually fatal to most elephants. 
A scorpion can hold its breath for up to 6 days. 
Elephants purr like cats. 
Marijuana can be used to treat these medical conditions!  
“Herpespassions” is a dating service specifically for people with herpes. 
In Canada, is it considered sexual assault to kiss your significant other while they are sleeping. 
Jack Daniel’s last spoken words before he died were “One last drink, please.” 
Male humans suffering from rabies can sometimes ejaculate uncontrollably up to 30 times a day. 
In Finland, the cost of a speeding ticket is determined by the driver’s annual income. 
THIS is considered to be the worst movie of all time!  
Parrots are able to dance and move in time music - This is most likely connected with their ability to mimic and speak. 
There are sign language equivalents of tongue twisters - They are called “finger fumblers.” 
Not caring whether or not there actually is a god is called Apatheism. 
Fast Food contains some of the same chemicals found in Windex! Take a look:  
If you search "Who's the cutest" using Google's "I'm Feeling Lucky," it will say "YOU ARE" 
Christian Bale said he would not play the part of Batman if Robin appeared anywhere in the trilogy. 
Lemons will repel spiders. 
Another week, another 5 winners! You can win a $50 iTunes giftcard by playing any puzzle HERE:  
The ancient Japanese would wipe their anuses with a kusobera - A wooden stick who's name literally meant "shit spatula." 
The term "scumbag" originally meant "condom." 
Music has positive effects on your health! Read here:  
"Asymbolia" is a condition that causes people to be immune to feeling pain. 
"Dog TV" is a television channel designed specifically to keep dogs entertained and stimulated while you go about your day. 
All the stars in space outnumber every sound and word produced by every human that has ever lived. 
Lemons can make a person look younger! Take a look:  
Saliva can act as a painkiller 6 times more powerful than morphine. 
Lays produces a smoked bacon flavor of chips. 
In ancient Rome, men who were found guilty of rape would have their testicles crushed between two stones. 
Jackie Chan, Cameron Diaz, Carrie Fisher and Sylvester Stallone all starred in porn films at one point. 
Robert Downey Jr. started smoking marijuana at the age of 6. 
This man had a twin... growing inside of his stomach!  
Eating berries helps keep the brain healthier and increase memory. 
The United States spends about $190 billion every year trying to treat obesity. 
10% of the American teenage population smokes marijuana at least 20 times a month. 
Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates both signed a promise agreeing to give away half their wealth over the course of their lifetime. 
In 1994, the average lifespan of an NFL player was 55 years. 
Eating THESE foods can help boost your sex life!  
Every year, more than 10 people are killed by vending machines. 
Candles will burn longer and drip less if placed in the freezer a few hours before using. 
Approximately 1/3rd of Americans flush the toilet while they are still sitting on it. 
Jackie Chan provided the speaking and singing voice of Beast in the Chinese version of Disney's "Beauty and the Beast." 
While 10% of the entire population is left-handed, 20% of twins are left-handed. 
The most children born to one woman was 69 - Before dying at the age of 40, the woman had 16 twins, 7 triplets and 4 quadruplets. 
Louis Vuitton burns their unsold merchandise so it won't be sold at a discount. 
It’s possible to start your car with your smartphone! Take a look:  
A group of antelope is called a "tribe." 
Spike from "A Land Before Time" was added to the group of characters as an appeal to the mentally handicapped. 
Elephants have been known to keep standing even after they die. 
THESE are the most common causes of failed relationships!  
The creators of Pringles had his ashes stored in a Pringles can after he died. 
While our vision is the quickest sense we have, our sense of smell is the most delayed. 
If you had 1 billion dollars and spent $1,000 a day, it would take you 2,749 years to spend it all. 
Pie crusts can be extra crispy by using vodka instead of water when making them. 
Rubbing your ears can help relieve an itchy throat. 
"Vampire Disease" is a real condition in which the sun causes people pain! Learn more here:  
New Zealand has banned/rejected the following baby names: Lucifer, V8 and Anal. 
In the original Italian story, Pinocchio kills Jiminy Cricket with a hammer. 
Hugging helps lower blood pressure. 
In Pennsylvania, it's illegal to wear your pants like THIS:  
Kim Jong-il only traveled by train because he was afraid of flying -- He died while riding a train on December 17th. 
Oculolinctus is the process of licking someone’s eyeball for sexual pleasure. 
More than 2,500 left-handed people are killed every year from using products made for right-handed people. 
The plural form of “vagina” is “vaginae.” 
JFK ordered over 1,000 Cuban cigars for personal use right before he made them illegal. 
You are more likely to get stabbed or shot at a strip club than anywhere else! Learn more HERE:  
Being ignored causes the same chemical reaction in the brain as experiencing a physical injury. 
The word “slut” was originally used to describe a woman who didn’t keep her room clean. 
The word “slut” was originally used to describe a woman who didn’t keep her room clean. 
King Tut became a pharaoh at the age of 9, died when he was 18, and was buried with 145 pairs of underwear. 
Think you know what's true about marijuana and what isn't? Well, check THIS out:  
Contrary to popular belief, monkey actually do peel their bananas and don’t eat the skin. 
The first soup was made from a hippo and dates back to 6,000 B.C. 
During 30 minutes of sex, the average person burns about 200 calories. 
About 1-2% the worldwide population has naturally red hair. 
Doing a little striptease while changing is good for your health! Read more HERE:  
After alcohol, marijuana is the second most popular recreational drug worldwide. 
These guys became millionaires when they were teenagers!  
You can live for weeks without eating, but will most likely die after 11 days without sleep. 
"The Hunger Games" holds the record for highest advanced ticket sales for a non-sequel movie. 
Sea otters hold hands while sleeping so they don't drift away from each other. 
Barack Obama collects THESE on his free time!  
Each cigarette smokes takes 5 to 11 minutes off of the smoker's life span. 
A woman's chances of having twins increases after 35 years of age. 
Eating out of boredom is a habit we develop as a toddler and reinforce throughout years of life. 
Farts travel at an average speed of 10 feet per second. 
It would take more than 150 years to drive a car all the way to the sun. 
THESE animals greet each other and say hi... by having sex!  
Staying awake for 17 hours has the same effect on your body as drinking 2 glasses of wine. 
Of the 17,000 words Shakespeare used, he is said to have invented about 1,700 of them. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
Neutrinos are tiny nuclear particles left over from the Big Bang that surround us and are moving through us every second. 
Black holes can be 10,000 to 18 billion times heavier than the sun. 
The colors you see in your dreams might have a meaning! Learn more here:  
It's impossible to kill yourself by holding your breath. 
Lutheran churches in Germany, Iceland, and Scandinavia support masturbation as a positive expression of sexuality. 
Studies have shown that we perceive secrets as "physical burdens." 
An elephant's trunk has no bones, but 40,000 muscles. 
The antioxidants found in bread crust can help combat and prevent cancer. 
30 minutes of exercise and movement can make you 10% smarter. 
Exercise affects your brain's frontal lobe, increasing your attention span and processing speed. 
17.6 million Americans are considered to be alcoholics! Here’s why:  
The earliest recorded uses of marijuana date back to the 3rd millennium BC. 
In a Disney comic called "Mickey Mouse and the Medicine Man", Goofy and Mickey become drug dealers. 
If you Google "zerg rush", Google will eat the search page. 
According to a survey conducted in "The Art of Kissing", 96% of women enjoy having their neck kissed the most. 
At the Yunessun Spa in Japan, you can go swimming in tea, coffee and wine. 
Some of the world’s richest people are college dropouts! See here:  
A couple forgot their 3-year-old child at Chuck E Cheese and didn't realize until they say it on the news.  
Too much stress and high blood pressure can lead to a condition called "hematidrosis" in which a person sweats blood. 
People, on average, will kiss on the second date as opposed to the first. 
Most relationships do not last longer than 5 months. 
Positive events, such as graduating, getting married and a new job often lead to depression. 
Giraffes, penguins and lions have all homosexual tendencies! Learn more here:  
The average Facebook user sends 8 friend requests a month. 
About 1/3rd of pet owners believe their pet has the ability to read their mind. 
Google’s first ever Twitter post was made in February 2004, and was binary for “I’m Feeling Lucky.” 
THIS is what you didn’t know about breathalyzer tests!  
Fourteen billion pounds of garbage is dumped into our oceans every year. 
A french kiss involves all 34 muscles in the face, while a pucker kiss only uses 2. 
The slang term “kiss my ass” dates back to the year 1705. 
On average, humans have anywhere from 2 to 5 pounds of bacteria inside of their bodies. 
Pigeons can do backflips!  
Logical people use the left-side of their brain, creative people use the right side! Which part do you use? See here:  
Swallowing semen can reduce a woman’s risk of developing a dangerous pregnancy condition called “pre-eclampsia.” 
A giant eyeball washed up in Florida yesterday, and no one knows what it belongs to.  
Sony researchers have developed a refrigerator that only opens when you smile. 
These are normal people... with real super powers!  
It would take 1,200,000 mosquitoes all sucking at the same time to completely drain the average human of blood. 
James Bond has killed 150 men and has slept with 44 women since the first movie came out in 1962. 
People who stay up later are more likely to experience nightmares. 
The only cells that survive from the time you are born until death are in your eye. 
The odds of a single woman having sex on any given night are 10 to 1. 
How did this girl live for 118 days without a heart? Like this:  
As a whole, women who are housewives are more faithful than working men. 
A megalomaniac is a person who is extremely full of themselves and overestimates their abilities. 
The U.S. National Heart, Lung and Blood institute has found that the key to happy marriage is getting a good night's sleep. 
Red Velvet Cake, tastes delicious, and is made from bugs! Learn more here:  
Chris Brown runs a side business breeding and selling pit bulls. 
People who regularly help others are significantly happier and less likely to become depressed as they get older. 
Dieting raises levels of hormones that stimulate appetite, causing your brain to magnify food cravings. 
Spazzstick is a brand of chapstick that's made with caffeine to keep you alert. 
Shakira signed with Sony Records and recorded her first single when she was just 13 years old. 
About 40 million people in the United States have medical conditions that marijuana can help treat! Check THIS out:  
Gwen Stefani and Celine Dion are both distant relatives of Madonna. 
A woman once sued Cap'n Crunch because their "crunchberries" weren't real berries. 
Studies have proven that sugar does not cause hyperactivity in children. 
One in 5,000 babies are born without an anus. 
Melting pennies and nickels, then selling the metal for profit can get you 5 years in prison and a $10,000 fine. 
So you want to keep yourself entertained on the internet! Did you know Google could do THIS?!  
Johnny Depp only says 169 words throughout the movie "Edward Scissorhands." 
A letter was discovered in which the FBI urged Martin Luther King to commit suicide. 
There's a "Museum of Broken Relationships" that displays objects that were meaningful to heartbroken exes. 
There is a "Hug Me" Coca-Cola machine in Singapore which gives you a can of coke each time you hug it. 
The world's oldest dog on record lived to be 29 years old. 
3.5 million people are still paying for a dial-up AOL internet connection. 
The average male will ejaculate 7,200 times in their life. 
Listening to music can actually help give you a better workout! Learn more here:  
A condition called Micturition syncope can cause a person to faint from urinating. 
In 2010, there was a major traffic jam in China that lasted for about 12 days. 
The German word for "nipple" is "brustwarze" which literally means "breast wart." 
The root of the word "passion" is the Latin word "passio" which means "suffering." 
One in 10 mature couples still react to their partner with the same intensity as those in the first stages of romantic love. 
You have a third eyelid! See here:  
Saying "pineapple" to someone as their about to sneeze can cause them to "forget" about sneezing. 
Women tend to respond best to compliments about their lips. 
Studies suggest unhappy people watch more TV. 
On average, women cry between 30 and 64 times a year. Men cry up to six times a year. 
A group of cats is called a "clowder" and a group of kittens is called a "kindle." 
Coca-Cola has the ability to do THIS to your windows... Should you still be drinking it?  
In Bakersfield, California, it is illegal to have sex with Satan without a condom. 
A Swedish couple named their kid "Brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb11116." The name is pronounced "Albin." 
The Truman Syndrome is a condition where an individual honestly believes that their life is part of a reality TV show. 
Vaginas and sharks have something in common! Learn more here:  
Men are biologically wired to fall asleep after sex. 
Women tend to prefer men with a good sense of humor because it's associated with intelligence and honesty. 
NASA originally co-founded the show “Here Comes Honey Boo Boo.” 
Steve Jobs was the executive producer for Toy Story. 
About 1 out of every 5 million males are born without a penis. 
“Breaking Bad, Mad Men and Walking Dead” have all been called the most bad-ass shows on television! See here:  
The British version of Siri is a male voice, not female. 
Quagmire is a word that means soft and flabby. 
A politician who works for his own self interest, and not the interest of the people is known as a “snollygoster.” 
This is how eating chocolate can give you a flat stomach and nice abs!  
Greek philosopher Diogenes of Sinope would masturbate in public to show happiness belonged to a man who rejected cultural norms. 
Squirrels masturbate to avoid catching STDs.  
An anti-pornography film called “Not a Love Story” was banned due to pornographic content. 
For a typical lovemaking session, the man will thrust an average of 60 to 120 times. 
In Japan, you can buy strawberry flavored Cheetos. 
The average college male freshman has THIS many drinks every week!  
Men in love show more activity in the visual part of the brain while women show more activity in the area that governs memory. 
It generally takes longer to tell a lie than to tell the truth. 
Studies show taller men earn more money than shorter men. 
These are actually the healthiest superfoods ever!  
In ancient times, criminals would be sewn inside of a rotting animal and then tied to a tree to be eaten by vultures. 
On average, people spend 80 percent of their time gossiping. 
Women have an average of 4 sex partners during their lifetime; men have an average of 7. 
We are more likely to help people who resemble us. 
Studies show that when we see someone familiar, we first identify them by their eyes before anything else. 
"Love" is derived from a Sanskrit word "lubh," which means desire. 
Having someone hold your hot coffee can make them think you have a "warmer" personality. 
People who regularly get less than six hours of sleep increase their chance of dying over a 25-year period by 12%. 
A lack of sleep leads to sugar cravings. 
In 2009, Mitt Romney’s 70-year-old cousin, Meredith Romney, was kidnapped in Mexico and held for ransom in a cave for 3 days. 
Aside from their 32 brains, leeches also have 3 mouths and each of which are filled with hundreds of teeth. 
Laughing lowers stress hormones and strengthens the immune system by releasing health-enhancing hormones. 
People read as much as 10% slower from a screen than from paper. 
People with blue eyes have a higher alcohol tolerance! Want to know how much you can take? Find out HERE:  
If Bill Gates drops a $100 bill, he will have made twice as much by the time he bends down to pick it up. 
All Pokémon professors are named after trees. 
The word "orgy" come from the Greek word "orgia," meaning "secret rites." 
All the blinking in one day equates to having your eyes closed for about 30 minutes. 
The original working title of the show "The Big Bang Theory" was "Lenny, Penny, and Kenny." 
Doing a little striptease while changing is good for your health! Read more HERE:  
Scopophobia is the morbid fear of being seen or stared at by others. 
A 16 year old Brazilian boy died after masturbating 42 times in a row. 
Mageirocophobia is the intense fear of having to cook. 
Hypergargalesthesia is the condition of extreme sensitivity to tickling -- Some people may pass out when tickled. 
Police officers are referred to as "cops" because of the copper badges they used to wear. 
The word "Bromance" has been added to the new Merriam-Webster's Dictionary. 
You are always able to see your nose. Your brain just chooses to ignore it. 
In the 1950s, women believed douching with Coca Cola could prevent pregnancy! Check THIS out:  
Surveys show that both men and women prefer an attractive face over an attractive body for a long-term mate. 
Nipples stimulate the same area of the female brain as genitals do. 
Lack of sleep increases your risk for heart disease, diabetes and obesity. 
There is a children’s book called “All My Friends Are Dead.” Check THIS out:  
Jellyfish can still sting you even when they are dead. 
Only 1% of the population has a "genius" IQ of 140 or higher. 
Dieting forces to brain to function without the nutrition its used to getting, causing it to "eat" itself in a way. 
A national survey of 5,000 people showed that 91% of men and 84% of women have fantasized about killing someone. 
Ghengis Khan killed about 11% of the entire world’s population. 
The Science of Harry Potter, Underwater Basket Weaving and Cyberporn and Society are all college classes! Read here:  
Honey is more effective at suppressing a cough than most cough medicines. 
Dolphins have been known to go on killing sprees when sexually frustrated. 
Welch’s grapefruit juice was originally created as a non-alcoholic wine for churches. 
THIS planet has the largest volcano in our solar system! Check THIS out:  
Unicorns were mentioned in the Bible. 
The feeling of hate is more neurologically similar to the feeling of love than it is to the feeling of fear, disgust or anger. 
The health risks of being obese are worse than the risks of heavy drinking, smoking and poverty. 
On average, girls apologize about 5.2 times a day - Guys apologize about 3.6 times a day. 
Smoking can cause your nipples to fall off. 
Barack Obama collects THESE on his free time!  
Snoop Doggs real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. 
Mozart composed a song titled "Leck mir den Arsch fein recht schon sauber." Which means "Lick my ass right, well and clean." 
Kyrofelonoshophobia is the fear of cartoon characters. 
Are you a midnight snacker? Check out which foods won’t make you fat!  
During the Middle Ages, children were given beer for breakfast. 
Studies show that if a man meets a woman in a dangerous situation (and vice versa), they are more likely to fall in love. 
These guys robbed a bank and were arrested for making THIS their profile picture!  
On February 8th, 2000, the meaning of life was auctioned on eBay. The winning bid was $3.26. 
You can tell whether or not you’re truly whispering by putting your hand on your throat. If you feel vibrations, you're not whispering. 
"Esodophobia" is the fear of losing virginity. 
Chocolate, sex and laughter are all key to a healthy brain. 
There is an actual condition called the Tetris effect. This causes you to see Tetris shapes even when you are not playing the game. 
Female orgasms last about 4 times longer than males! THIS is why it might suck to be a guy:  
When polar bears are angry, they hiss like cats. 
The word "burrito" means "little donkey" in Spanish. 
Some psychologists conclude that we tend to fall in love with people similar to the parent whom we have unresolved childhood issues. 
This is why you SHOULDN’T use a treadmill!  
The human body is at its lowest ebb between 3 am and 4 am -- The most likely time for someone to die in their sleep. 
A punishment in Ancient Greece for adulterous men was the insertion of a large radish into the rectum. 
The average couple spends about 20 minutes engaged in sexual foreplay prior to intercourse. 
"Hypopituitarism" is a rare disease that doesn't allow a person to feel love. 
Orgasms can cause bad breath for women. 
The awkward fear of relatives is called "Syngenesophobia." 
Blonde beards grow faster than darker beards. 
A woman will spend about 3,500 days of her lifetime menstruating. 
When someone looks at a new love, the neural circuits that are associated with social judgment are suppressed. 
When someone looks at a new love, the neural circuits that are associated with social judgment are suppressed. 
Orgasms can cure hiccups. 
The Lincoln County Jail, in Nebraska, actually uses cats to relax its prisoners. 
The next time you’re out at a bar, remember not to touch this!  
Women have twice as many pain receptors on their bodies than men. But, a much higher pain tolerance. 
Penguins cannot walk backwards. They are too top heavy and would just fall down. 
The average person will have eaten over 10,000 chocolate bars and will have taken 7,163 baths in a lifetime. 
A soap called "Shower Shock" contains caffeine and supposedly gives you a caffeine kick as you take a shower. 
The squid, oyster and octopus each have three hearts. 
The Backstreet Boys were the most successful boy band ever with 130+ million albums sold worldwide. 
“How To Watch Television, Learning From YouTube and Arguing with Judge Judy" are real college classes! Take a look:  
Samuel L. Jackson was an usher at Martin Luther King Jr.'s funeral. 
Sharks actually urinate through their skin. 
Licking your lips hurts more because digestive enzymes in your saliva irritate them. 
If you electrically shock a person's brain, their math skills can greatly improve for up to 6 months. 
If you were to go on vacation for eleven days, you'd have less than one million seconds to enjoy it. 
THIS is what the average person does in their lifetime!  
Studies suggest women need up to an hour's extra sleep a night compared to men because women are much more susceptible to depression. 
Those who kiss more frequently are less likely to suffer from stomach, bladder, and blood infections. 
According research by Harvard University, children who were hugged and cuddled more grew up to be happier adults. 
Stress can literally break your heart. "Broken heart syndrome" occurs when the bottom of the heart balloons into the shape of a pot. 
Those bumps on your tongue aren't actually taste buds. They're fungiform papillae -- "Mushroom-shaped nipples" in Latin. 
This woman was accidentally buried alive as a baby!  
After consuming alcohol, our perceptions change to make people appear more attractive. So yes, "beer goggles" are real. 
Holding hands and kissing reduces levels of the stress hormone cortisol, lowering blood pressure and optimizing immune response. 
The "Pinky Promise" originally indicated that the person who breaks the promise must cut off their pinky finger. 
More than 11,000 Americans injure themselves during sex every year, but how did THESE people die? Take a look:  
A dolphin's nipples are located in its anus -- The calf sticks its bill into the hole and the mother squirts milk into its mouth. 
Bananas can reduce the swelling and irritation of mosquito bites and help with nicotine withdrawal. 
Scientists have found that chocolate has a chemical that helps counteract depression. 
Girls who start dieting at a young age are more likely to engage in substance abuse later on in life. 
The back of your hand is called the opisthenar. 
It's possible to be addicted to exercise! Check THIS out:  
If you search for 241543903 in Google images, you will find a lot of pictures of people putting their heads in refrigerators. 
People are more likely to return a lost wallet if they find a baby picture inside of it. 
The sweet scent that lingers after a rainfall is called "petrichor." 
Sitting is killing you! Learn more HERE:  
Symbols like !#@*, that are used to replace cursing are called Grawlix. 
Courage the Cowardly Dog was nominated for an Academy Award in 1996. 
Dolphins have been witnessed torturing porpoises to death for pure fun. 
Some species of whale are able to have sex with dolphins. The products are referred to as "wholphins." 
There is a children's book titled "Go The Fuck to Sleep." 
On average, 5 in 10 people have some kind of fear of the dark. 
The word "bootylicious" was added to the Oxford Dictionary due to the immense popularity of the Destiny's Child song. 
Families who turn off the television during meals tend to be healthier. 
Due to the angle at which the optic nerve enters the brain, staring at a blue surface during sex greatly increases the intensity of orgasms. 
Silly Putty was "discovered" as the residue left behind after the first latex condoms were produced. 
Yes, Pirates are real and THIS is what you didn’t know about them!  
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you "slip" in a dream while half asleep is called a "Hypnic Jerk." 
There are more than 1,000 chemicals in a single cup of coffee. Of these, only 26 have been tested and half caused cancer in rats. 
A "quidnunc" is a person who is eager to know the latest news and gossip. 
The average American sees 500 advertisements a day. 
Wearing high heels can increase the risk of arthritis. 
Athazagoraphobia is the fear of being forgotten or ignored. 
Incan brides had to peel a potato to prove they would be a good wife. 
These are 7 reasons why you SHOULDN’T have sex!  
Women's tears have been proven to biologically reduce sexual desire in men. 
4 in 10 people who begin drinking before age 15 become alcoholics. 
Wine and chocolate are strong aphrodisiacs which increase sexual desires. 
Flatworms engage in "penis fencing" as a mating ritual, each worm trying to stab the other. 
People who laugh a lot are much healthier than those who don't. 
Cracking your knuckles does NOT cause arthritis! Check out what you THOUGHT was true:  
The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds. 
An old Japanese manuscript warns men against kissing during the female orgasm because a woman might bite off part of her lover's tongue. 
CAPTCHA stands for "Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart" 
Men process information primarily from the left side of the brain. Women tend to use both sides simultaneously. 
JK Rowling said that Bellatrix Lestrange was actually in love with Lord Voldemort. 
THESE things will kill your sex drive!  
The woman who played Draco Malfoy's wife in Deathly Hallows Part 2 was actually Tom Felton's girlfriend at the time. 
Grizzly Bears and Polar Bears can mate. Their offspring are referred to as "Pizzlies" and "Grolar Bears." 
THIS is what you didn’t know about your dreams!  
The fear of female genitalia is called “eurotophobia.” 
“Dora the Explorer’s” name came from the Spanish word for a female explorer - Exploradora. 
The average teenager spends 31 hours a week on the internet and 4 hours a week on homework! Learn more here:  
Ernest Hemingway, his father, brother, sister and granddaughter all committed suicide. 
Gecko lizards drink water by licking their own eyeballs.  
Studies have found that women’s faces are most beautiful once a month - When they are menstruating. 
Why do most men like women with bigger breasts and bigger butts? Find out here:  
We know more about the surface of the moon than we do about our own oceans. 
People who sleep less tend to crave junk food - People who oversleep tend to crave more sleep. 
In the original version of Sleeping Beauty, she was raped by the king and gave birth to 2 children... All before she woke up. 
Poppy seeds contain the same painkilling drug found in morphine and are banned in Singapore for this reason. 
Every second, $3,075 is spent on internet pornography. 
Over the past several years, men’s penises have been shrinking! Learn more here:  
The first name suggested for AIDS was GRID -- "Gay-Related Immune Deficiency." 
50% of all emotional affairs become sexual affairs. 
The formula for calculating the force of suction is: F=AP. 
Thinking about having a kid? THIS might change your mind!  
Studies show that blue-eyed individuals study more effectively and tend to perform better on exams than dark-eyed people. 
"Eleven plus Two" and "Twelve plus One" equal 13 and both have the same 13 letters. 
China produces stamina enhancement pills from dead babies.  
Another week, another 5 winners! For a chance to win a $50 iTunes gift card, play any puzzle HERE:  
Barack Obama has read every Harry Potter book to his daughters. 
In the US, 45,000 hamburgers are eaten every minute. 
Americans have more sex than anyone else in the world! Check THIS out:  
Organized people are less likely to develop Alzheimer's Disease. 
The human body is better suited for 2 four-hour sleep cycles instead on 1 eight-hour session. 
The mouth of a jellyfish is also the anus. 
Throughout all the Harry Potter movies, Daniel Radcliffe has used more than 70 magic wands and worn over 160 pairs of glasses. 
The chances of dying by laughter are 15 billion to 1. 
Everyday 3,000 children try THIS for the first time:  
Daniel Radcliffe was paid 80 times more for the final Harry Potter film than he was for the first one. 
69% of parents are "friends" with their children on social media websites. 
The man who voiced Optimus Prime also did the voice for Eeyore and Nintendo's Mario. 
Due to the rotation of the earth, an object can be thrown farther west than east. 
The act of stretching and yawning simultaneously is called "pandiculation." 
The ancient Greeks believed that red heads would turn into vampires after they died. 
THIS One Direction member developed a fear of birds after being attacked as a kid... while he was using the bathroom!  
The two highest IQ scores ever recorded belonged to women. 
Knowing that they'd have a sex scene in the movie 'Titanic', Kate Winslet flashed Leonardo DiCaprio the first time they met. 
Oysters, lean meat, seafood and whole grains are all foods that have been proven to boost sex life. 
That indentation above your top lip is known as the philtrum. 
In Ancient Ireland, subjects would routinely suck on their king's nipples to demonstrate their submission. 
"Groaking" is act of watching people eat food hoping they'll offer you some. 
Iguanas can and do commit suicide. 
In THIS state, minors are legally allowed to drink alcohol!  
Approximately 80% of a child's intelligence is acquired from the mother. 
J.K. Rowling states that Voldemort cannot love because he was conceived under the effects of a Love Potion instead of real love. 
Women suffer from more nightmares than men, but men are more likely to dream of sexual intercourse. 
Crabs and other crustaceans can actually feel pain and retain memories of painful experiences. 
There are about 10 million of THESE living in your mattress!  
Playing Tetris soon after a traumatic experience has been proven to help wipe bad memories and prevent flashbacks. 
Those who suppress anger have a tendency to become violent after drinking. 
Bin Laden's death was announced on May 1st 2011. Hitler's death was announced on May 1st, 1945. 
THIS 14-year-old girl was able to live without a heart!  
The Harry Potter books all take place in the 1990s. Harry Potter was born in 1980. 
Chocolate was used as medicine in the 18th century. It was believed it could cure stomach aches. 
Alien hand syndrome occurs when a brain injury victim loses control over a hand as if possessed. 
Studying for 30-50 minutes at a time (with 10 minute breaks in between) is the most effective way to retain information. 
The Sims was originally designed to be an architect simulator program. 
Negative emotions are more contagious than positive ones. 
Medical marijuana can force cancer cells to freeze and prevent them from spreading. 
Will Ferrell’s first name is not William - It’s actually John. 
A hacker group named UGNazi once completely disabled the Papa Johns website because their pizza was 2 hours late. 
THIS is why music is actually good for your health!  
Actor Nicholas Cage claims he once woke up in the middle of the night to find a naked man eating a Fudgesicle in front of his bed. 
A brand named Georgi produces popcorn and waffle flavored vodka. 
Stressed men tend to find heavier women more attractive. 
Sundays can harm your sex life! Learn more HERE:  
Implanting a magnet in your finger will actually give you a bit of a “superpower” - The ability to sense magnetic fields. 
Johnny Depp lost his virginity at the age of 13 in the back of a van. 
Zebra’s are actually black, with white stripes. 
The modern handshake was originally thought of as a sign of peace and to show that both parties were unarmed. 
There are vending machines in China that sell live crabs! See HERE:  
You probably didn't know THIS about nipples!  
81% of South Korean middle schools and high schools prohibit relationships among students. 
Studies show that praising children for their intelligence may hinder their progress - Instead, they should be praised for their effort. 
Taking a short nap after learning something new can actually help your memory. 
Turtles can breathe through their butts! Check THIS out:  
Bill Gates earns about $250 USD every second. 
Jesus Christ is actually mentioned 5 times more often in the Qur’an than Muhammad. 
Sea Otters tend to have a “favorite” rock, which they store and carry with them in a pouch usually under their left arm. 
The “mahna mahna” song used in The Muppets, was originally written for a Swedish porn flick. 
By the time the average child enters kindergarten, they will have witnessed 8,000 murders on television. 
The most common time for break ups is around 3-5 months into a relationship. How can you tell when it’s time?  
Most cigarettes contain “ambergris” (whale vomit) for added flavor. 
There’s a beer made in Germany called “Fucking Hell.”  
Loneliness weakens your immune system - Having friends and significant others can increase immunity by 60%. 
Tyra Banks was the first African-American to appear on the Swimsuit Edition of Sports Illustrated in 1997 - Beyoncé was the second in 2007. 
In 1983, after 5 years of being in existence, Apple became the fastest growing company in history. 
Women find men more attractive when they notice other women looking at him. 
The act of kissing releases oxytocin in the brain - A hormone that strengthens the emotional bond between 2 people. 
Taller men tend to have more sex than shorter men. 
Humans spend about 25 years of their life sleeping. 
In Colorado, it is illegal for a man to marry his wife’s grandmother. 
In the state of Indiana, it is illegal for a man to be sexually aroused in public. 
In the U.S, female workers earn an average of 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. 
About 60% of married men say they’ve been unfaithful at some point, while 40% of women say the same. 
The founder of Tumblr, David Karp, is also a part-time model. 
With 21% of it’s population experiencing depression, France is the most depressed country in the world. 
Older cats are likely to meow more because they may have some form of Alzheimers. 
Studies show that men and women experience the same amount of emotion but women tend to be more honest about them. 
Scientists say the brain purposely forgets certain memories in order to avoid information overload, and emotional hangovers. 
While sleeping, most people dream every 90 minutes, and the longest dreams (lasting 30 - 40 minutes) occur in the morning. 
Vaginas and sharks have something in common! Learn more here:  
Your brain literally loves horror movies! Read more here:  
Worldwide, about 162 million adults use marijuana at least once a year, while 22.5 million use it daily. 
In 2008, Disney approved a design for young girls underwear with the words “Dive In” written on the front. 
Your Twitter picture by default is an egg because we are all babies of the Twitter Bird. 
Your mind spends about 70% of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments. 
This is what Beyoncé looked like in high school!  
The area that surrounds Chernobyl will not be safe for human life again for about, another 20,000 years. 
Audrey Hepburn was able to speak English, Spanish, Dutch, Italian and French fluently. 
Muhammad Ali actually threw his Olympic gold medal into a river as a way to protest racial discrimination in America. 
People who stay up later tend to have higher IQs! Check THIS out:  
Pain has the ability to change the way a person looks at and deals with their everyday life. 
Australians often refer to cotton candy as “fairy floss.” 
Studies show that prolonged exposure to light at night can lead to depression. 
Daytime naps help to improve your memory and cut the risk of heart disease. 
The teen pregnancy rate is actually lower now than it was in the 1970’s. 
Hate your job? Well, it might actually be KILLING you!  
Odontophobia is the fear of going to the dentist. 
Video games can lead to higher grades in school!  
Kangaroos hop because they can’t move their legs independently. 
THESE are the most common causes of failed relationships!  
It takes your brain 20 seconds before it registers that you are full. 
The brain overlooks the flaws of a person you are in love with, making it harder to leave them after they’ve hurt you. 
Video games help train your brain to make faster real-life decisions. 
The world’s longest recorded engagement lasted for 67 years. 
The brain tells your body it is time to go to the bathroom when you see a toilet, making it harder to hold your urine as you get closer. 
The brain tells your body it is time to go to the bathroom when you see a toilet, making it harder to hold your urine as you get closer. 
This man fell from the 47th floor of a skyscraper... and survived!  
It can take anywhere from 10,000 to 170,000 years for 1 photon of light from the Sun’s core to actually reach the surface of the Sun. 
Hugh Hefner (Founder of Playboy) did not lose his virginity until the age of 22. 
The Snickers bar was named after a horse called “Snickers.” 
How does washing your hair get rid of acne? Like THIS:  
“Fifty Shades of Grey” was originally developed from a Twilight fan-fiction book. 
Defecation syncope is a disease that causes you to faint when you poop. 
St. Nicholas (AKA Santa Claus), is buried in Ireland. 
The simple past tense version of the word “dare” is “durst.” 
From the years 1945 to 1998, we had detonated 2053 atomic bombs worldwide. 
Fast Food often contains some of the same chemicals found in Windex! Take a look:  
“Goober” is another term for peanut - That’s why Goofy Goober is a peanut in the Spongebob movie. 
Presque Vu is the opposite of Déja Vu. 
To this day, 95% of our earth’s oceans remain undiscovered. 
A lemon will float in water, but a lime will sink. 
There are almost 5,000 gods being worshipped by humanity. 
Our negative eating habits often develop when we’re babies! THIS is what you can do to change them!  
A person who is strongly attracted to someone’s intelligence is called a “sapiosexual.” 
Studies suggest that unmade beds are healthier for us than neat and made beds - Bed bugs have a harder time surviving in messy beds. 
Religious sites are more likely to harm your computer with viruses than porn sites. 
Sitting close to the T.V. will not hurt your eyes!  
There are 3 things our brain will always notice first - They are food, sex and danger. 
You can give yourself hallucinations using two ping-pong balls and a radio!  
The term “suck it” was actually used almost twice as much in the 1650’s as it is now. 
People with good self esteem tend to have longer relationships! Take a look at this:  
In China, it is acceptable to walk into an IKEA store to relax and take a nap. 
There is a bed that makes itself for everyone else who doesn’t want to.  
Three kisses a day can speed up and strengthen your metabolism. 
South Korean scientists have created cats that glow in the dark!  
If you inhale a pea, it’s possible for it to sprout and grow while in your lungs. 
On average, people who masturbate more tend to live longer and healthier lives! Learn more here:  
Most paranormal experiences can be attributed to infrasound - A low frequency noise that can cause you to see and hear what isn't there. 
Memories can be strong enough to invoke the exact emotions a person felt when the experience originally happened. 
Video games are more effective at battling depression than counseling is. 
Hugh Hefner (Founder of Playboy) and George W. Bush are cousins. 
578 billion searches were requested for Lady Gaga in 2011! Check out THESE most common Google searches:  
Sarcasm can enhance your ability to solve problems!  
You can’t inhale through your nose and talk at the same time. 
The average guy spends about one year of his life just staring at women. 
Today’s students spend more time on homework than other students have ever in recorded history, 
The inner skin of a banana peel can be used to help whiten your teeth. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about one of today’s leading companies, Apple!  
Bridesmaids were first put into weddings to confuse the evil spirits as to who the real bride was - Bringing a happy life-long marriage. 
The “Get Naked Bikini” is a bikini that completely dissolves in the water, leaving the person completely nude. 
There are actually Internet Addiction rehab facilities in China! 
Did you know THIS about One Direction??  
We spend about 10 minutes everyday looking for misplaced items. 
Studies show that people whom are mixed with a wide range of ethnicities tend to be smarter. 
There's a GoPlate that can be used for drinking and eating while standing around.  
Applying Vodka to your face helps to tighten your pores and can reduce the risk of acne breakouts. 
Someone who suffers from Motion Blindness does not see the world in motion, but more in a series of “snapshots.” 
In a bad mood? THIS is what you need!  
Bill Gates told his university professors that he’d be a millionaire by the age of 30 - He became a billionaire by the age of 31. 
Single women tend to be more attracted to men who are taken rather than those who are available. 
Studies show that cuddling before bed helps to brain to relax - This reduces the process of overthinking, making it easier to fall asleep. 
Project X comes to life at THESE colleges! Check this out:  
One chocolate chip can give you enough energy to walk 150 feet. 
Eminem was sued by his mother for $10 million - She was only awarded $1,600. 
Dimples are actually facial muscle deformities. 
“Somebody That I Used to Know” by Gotye is officially the biggest hit ever in Poland. 
Studies have found that stress and depression can shrink your brain. 
Homophobic men are more likely to be in the closet! Read more HERE:  
It’s possible for humans to train themselves to use echolocation - Kind of like bats. 
Bill Clinton only sent 2 emails during his time in office - And one was a test email just to make sure he could do it right. 
Farts will smell worse in the shower - Our sense of smell is stronger in heat and humidity. 
Men change their minds 2 to 3 times more often than women! Check THIS out:  
Studies show that men often find funny women intimidating - And are often worried they’ll become victims of her loud tongue. 
“Drama Queens” may suffer from Histrionic Personality Disorder - A disorder that affects women 4 times more than men. 
Brian May (the guitarist from Queen) has a PhD in astrophysics. 
If you directly ingest the same amount of sugar found in a can of Coke, you will vomit uncontrollably. 
Dr. Suess actually cheated on his wife while she was sick with cancer for 13 years - When she killed herself, he married the mistress. 
The people in THIS country drink more alcohol than any other!  
It’s possible to get high off of smoking wild carrots. 
More than 50% of American singles claim they have not had a date in over 2 years. 
There are about 3 reported cases of dolphins raping humans every year. 
Before he even speaks, the way a man stands (whether he slouches or not) accounts for 80% of a woman’s first impression. 
Chocolate emits the same chemical in your body that love does - phenylethylamine. 
Rocks that move by themselves - They exist! See HERE:  
People who regularly help others tend to be significantly happier and are less likely to become depressed as they get older. 
The CIA once planned to drop huge condoms labeled “medium” into the USSR to convince Russian women that Americans were more virile. 
More than 90% of the time, forgiveness is given to another person because we want to keep them as part of our life. 
The sun shrinks by about 5 feet every second. 
Tang, Pop Rocks and Cool Whip were all invented by the same man. 
In the French translations of Harry Potter, Voldemort’s middle name is “Elvis.” 
One ounce of LSD is enough to get 300,000 people high. 
Mickey Mouse was the first fictional character to ever do THIS:  
Michael Jackson had cast actual gang members in his music video for “Beat It” and reformed them in the process of filming. 
American school buses are yellow because the brain registers the color yellow faster than any other. 
The Olympic Gold Medal is actually only 1.34% gold. 
As a kind of foreplay before mating, female giraffes will urinate in the male’s mouth. 
In Germany, most school days end at lunchtime. 
Drinking orange juice can lower your risk for cancer! Learn more here:  
Mothers tend to determine the weight of a child while the father tends to determine the height. 
25% of all Twitter accounts have no followers. 
The chilling shiver you experience with a strong emotion is called “frisson.” 
Marijuana was used to treat absent-mindedness in Ancient China. 
Over 40 pigs were used during the filming of Babe - The piglets kept outgrowing the role during production. 
Some of the world’s richest people are college dropouts! See here:  
The U.S. Army actually uses Xbox 360 controllers to fly UAV spy planes. 
In the U.S, the typical school year is 180 days long - In China, the typical school year is 251 days long. 
Krusty the Clown was originally Homer Simpson’s secret identity - This is why the two of them look almost exactly the same. 
The colors you see in your dreams might have a meaning! Learn more here:  
‘U’ was first as a substitute for the word “you” by Shakespeare. 
Jackie Chan is actually a pop star in Asia, having released 20 studio albums - He often sings the theme songs of his own movies. 
About 40 million people in the United States have medical conditions that marijuana can help treat! Check THIS out:  
Humor is associated with intelligence and honesty - This is why women are attracted to men with a sense of humor. 
You can’t hum while holding your nose closed. 
The words “Chillax, sexting, whatevs and whovian” have all been added to the Oxford Dictionary. 
The “Eeny, Meeny, Miny, Moe...” chant originally used the n-word and was later replaced with “tiger.” 
A slugs sex organ actually turns blue and glows while they mate. 
Listening to music can actually help give you a better workout! Learn more here:  
People with bigger brains are likely to have more friends. 
People with stronger friendships have the greater ability to communicate strictly through facial expressions. 
Astronauts are subject to fingernail delamination - A process in which spacewalks can cause an astronaut’s fingernails to fall off. 
You might want to learn some more about sushi before you eat it! Check THIS out:  
Robots can learn to lie and deceive other robots for personal gain. 
Steve Jobs refused to wear his oxygen mask while sick because he did not like the way it was designed. 
Brain scans reveal that looking at pictures of loved ones activate the caudate - the part of the brain responsible for cravings. 
Nintendo owned a chain of sex hotels in the 1950’s and 1960’s. 
Same sex relationships were thought to be sacred in ancient Native American tribes. 
Women tend to lie to avoid hurting people’s feelings! Read more here:  
Laziness and inactivity kills just as many people as smoking. 
There is enough gold on Earth for every person in the world to own about 5 golden rings. 
Sex actually boosts brain growth. 
Barack Obama collects THESE on his free time!  
Blonde beards are known to grow faster than dark beards. 
The first recorded “Jello shots” were made in the kitchen of Napoleon Bonaparte. 
The feeling of loneliness is processed in the same part of the brain as physical pain. 
Buttercup (The Powerpuff Girl) and Tommy from the Rugrats were voiced by the same person. 
When rabbits are put on their backs, they enter tonic immobility and become tranced. 
When deprived of dreams, people will become irritable, disoriented and subject to hallucinations. 
Positive emotions enhances the brain's ability to make good decisions. 
If you have at least $34,000 you are among the world’s richest 1% of people. 
THIS is how you can tell when someone is lying to you!  
You need to be shorter than 6’3” in order to get a job as an astronaut. 
Google offers their LGBT employees “unique benefits” to make up for what they are denied by the government. 
Penguins have been known to become depressed and march away from their groups to die. 
It’s impossible to sneeze while sleeping. 
A “lexical gap” is when there SHOULD be a word for something, but there isn’t. 
By 2030, it’s predicted that 40% of all American adults will be obese. 
1 in 14 Americans claim they would murder someone for 3 million dollars. 
Can you believe you spend THIS much of your entire life at work?!  
In 2004, the CEO of McDonald’s (Jim Cantalupo) died of a heart attack at a McDonald’s convention. 
88.8% of people feel better after crying. 
You enjoy music when you’re happy, but you understand the lyrics more when you’re sad. 
Eating dark chocolate helps to reduce stress. 
People who are left-handed are 39% more likely to be homosexual! 
Ants go to war similar to humans - They use even more advanced strategies such as sending the weaker ants out to fight first. 
Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point - When blindfolded, humans will gradually walk in a circle. 
THESE animals greet each other and say hi... by having sex!  
The first lesbian couple to be married in NYC were 76 and 85.  
NASA is responsible for the invention of invisible braces and scratch resistant lenses. 
Stephen King was once hit by a van - He ended up buying the van and destroying it to make himself feel better. 
If one identical twin is homosexual, then there is a 40% chance that the other twin is as well. 
The word “nerd” was actually invented by Dr. Suess. 
There’s a website that changes your words to llamas!  
The Internet was first called “The Galactic Network” when it was first created. 
All of the major political parties in Canada support the legalization of marijuana except the party that currently rules the country. 
Thinking too much can actually make you fat!  
The “King and Queen” in The Lion King (Mufasa and Sarabi) were voiced by the King and Queen in the movie “Coming to America.” 
During the middle ages, talkative women were punished by being forced to wear metal cages on their heads. 
iPhones can survive falls of over 13,000 feet.  
J.K. Rowling considered killing Ron Weasley in the middle of the “Harry Potter” series, but eventually decided to let him live. 
The next time you’re out at a bar, remember not to touch this!  
People who suffer from Imposter Syndrome are often unhappy with their accomplishments and credit it all towards luck. 
This woman claims she got pregnant... from watching a 3D porn!  
Male dolphins have been known to separate female dolphins from their families and deny them food until they agree to mate. 
There are over 15,000 videos listed under “hit in the balls” on YouTube. 
Your taste buds have hair! Take a look:  
The average Facebook user receives 82 notifications everyday! While you check those, LIKE US!  
Forgiveness is the trait that is most strongly linked to happiness. 
The earliest known use of the work “f*ck” was actually in the form of “fukkit” in the year 1503. 
The police were called 91 times during the filming of the movie “Borat.” 
In 2008, an elmo doll purchased for a boy named James started to say “Kill James” after he changed the batteries.  
These guys became millionaires when they were teenagers!  
A group of rattlesnakes is called a “rhumba.” 
80% of Earth’s natural forests have been destroyed. 
Japan holds the record for the world’s biggest orgy ever - 500 people all had sex in the same place at the same time. 
The Science of Harry Potter, Underwater Basket Weaving and Cyberporn and Society are all college classes! Read here:  
Studies show that people who overthink tend to create problems for themselves that weren’t there to begin with. 
Déja Vu occurs when your brain tries to apply a memory of a past situation to your current one, fails, and makes you feel like its happened. 
“Ilunga” is a word for someone who will “forgive abuse the first time, tolerate it a second time, but never a third time" in Tshiluba. 
On Monday, 5 people will win $50 iTunes giftcards just for playing any puzzle HERE:  
Ignorant people are more likely to believe they are brilliant, while intelligent people are more likely to underestimate their abilities. 
The word “swastika” literally means “being happy” in Sanskrit. 
Men change their minds 2 to 3 times more often than women! Check THIS out:  
Hallmark manufactures and sells “Happy Divorce” cards. 
In 1986, Steve Jobs launched his own clothing line for Apple fans. 
When a pregnant woman suffers organ damage (ex: a heart attack), the fetus will send stem cells to repair the damaged organ. 
What has the body of a lion, and the head of a goat? THIS:  
“Grammar Pedantry Syndrome” is a form of OCD in which sufferers need to correct every grammatical error. 
With 100+ million paid downloads, Tetris is the best-selling mobile game of all time. 
The word “fetish” was originally used as a reference to an object that was worshipped for its supposed “magical powers.” 
The word “funky” actually stems from an African word for the sweat you produce while have sex or dancing. 
Paul McCartney wrote “Hey Jude” as a comfort song for John Lennon’s son, Julian while his parents were getting a divorce. 
Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, the first director of the CIA admitted that UFOs actually exist. 
Listening to music is one of the few activities that uses the entirety of the human brain. 
John Cena has granted over 250 Make-A-Wish foundation wishes - This is more than any person has ever granted in history. 
Some people say the hardest thing they do everyday is wake up! THIS can help!   
There’s a 95% chance that the human race will become extinct over the next 9,000 years. 
Adolf Hitler’s nephew, William fought for the US against his uncle in WWII. 
3 suicide bombers exploded before they were supposed to because the bombs were set on Daylight Savings Time. 
Pedro Lopez, one of the world’s most dangerous serial killers (killed about 300 girls), was released on $50 bail in 1998. 
Smarter people tend to make sarcastic comments quicker than people who aren’t as smart. 
There’s a YOLO county located in California. 
Studies have proven that taking the underarm sweat of a man and putting it on a woman’s lips can boost her mood. 
If you want to keep a good relationship with a woman, THIS is what you shouldn’t do:
 
47-million-year old fossils were found of two turtles... having sex.  
Cursing when in pain releases Enkephalin, which raises your pain tolerance causing you to hurt less! 
“Mirror Neurons” are what cause us to cringe and “feel the pain” of other people when they get hurt. 
Good liars are also better at detecting other people’s lies. 
Eating THESE foods can help boost your sex life!  
“Spaghetti alla puttanesca” actually means “whore’s style spaghetti.” 
There is an annual sex doll race that takes place in Russia - Every year, blow up dolls are ridden like boats. 
A man is more likely to get a woman’s phone number if he is accompanied by a dog. 
Over the past 800 years, France has fought in 185 military battles and won 132 of them - France has the best European military. 
According to his ex-wife, Tupac auditioned for the role of Bubba in “Forrest Gump” but didn’t get the part. 
There's a scientific study on why your headphones get tangled in your pocket!  
The darker the color of your alcoholic drink, the more likely it is to give you a hangover. 
South Africa has a National Cleavage Day at the beginning of April every year. 
"Mind-blowing" sex actually can wipe your memory clean!  
THIS is what you didn’t know about space!  
When “South Park” aired its “Anti-Family Guy” episode, the producers received flowers from the crew of “The Simpsons.” 
There’s a movie about a zombie Osama Bin Laden leading an axis of evil dead - It’s called “Osombie.” 
It takes the typical person 17 months and 26 days to get over an ex!  
Female kangaroos actually have 3 vaginas. 
There was a 4th member of the original “Snap, Crackle and Pop” group - It was “Pow.” 
Worldwide, the average age at which a person loses their virginity is 19! Learn more here:  
In 1985, there was a condom delivery service at Harvard University - Their slogan was “We’ll come before you do.” 
Wearing red may be the key to life.  
There are only 2 countries in the entire world that do not sell Coca Cola - North Korea and Cuba. 
Need to pass a drug test? Check THIS out:  
With modern day technology, it would take astronauts about 260 days in a rocket to land on Mars. 
Looking through a small hole will immediately improve your vision temporarily. 
Nickelodeon shows “Doug”, “Ren & Stimpy,” and “The Rugrats” all premiered on the same day - They were the 3 original Nicktoons. 
The clouds and the bushes in Super Mario Bros are exactly the same except for their color!  
Celebriphilia is the abnormally intense desire to have sex with a celebrity. If that's you, check THIS out:  
Bees and wasps can be trained like dogs to detect explosives and drugs. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger would break into to local gyms and workout as a young kid. 
At any given moment, there are more than 10 million cigarettes lit around the world. 
Ancient Romans would use a sponge on a stick instead of toilet paper. 
The internet is making us stupid.  
In the 1950s, women believed douching with Coca Cola could prevent pregnancy! Check THIS out:  
Research has shown that people are happiest at 7:26pm on Saturday night! 
A flock of ravens is called an "unkindness." 
The average person has between 1,460 and 2,190 dreams every year. 
This 13-year-old boy was arrested for having a black Sharpie in school! See here:  
Akon's full name is Aliaune Damala Bouga Time Puru Nacka Lu Lu Lu Badara Akon Thiam. 
There’s a roller coaster designed to kill its passengers.  
The uterus of an average woman expands up to 500 times its normal size during pregnancy. 
Cats do not have sweet taste receptors - They can only taste things that are salty or bitter. 
The term "hermaphrodite" stems from the son of Hermes and Aphrodite, "Hermaphroditos" who possessed both male and female attributes. 
In France, you can legally marry a dead person! Learn more here:  
Snoop Dogg states that he gave up "pimping" in 2004, so he could spend more time with his family. 
Video games make kids smarter!  
There is a species of cactus known as the "Dildo Cactus." 
The feeling of love can literally, make you high and cause a state of euphoria! Learn more here:  
The IRS collects about $2 trillion in taxes every year. 
Your personality affects the way you smell.  
Mattel once tried to sue Aqua over their song "Barbie Girl" -- The judge literally told them to "chill." 
Pocahontas was actually a nickname that meant "frisky." Her birth name was Matoaka. 
Ithyphallophobia is the fear of erect penises. 
Children who were fed junk food tend to have lower IQ’s later in life! Learn more here:  
Male elephants will often use their penis as a 5th leg to support their weight. 
The average man will spend a year of his life staring at women!  
"Buksvåger" is a Swedish word for a person who has had sex with a person you've already had sex with. 
Some men experience instant feelings of sadness and regret after sex - This is known as "post-coital tristesse." 
There is a spray that can make your smartphone completely waterproof!  
Mickey Mouse was the first fictional character to ever do THIS:  
Stupidity really is contagious.  
The grandpa from "Hey Arnold" and Homer Simpson are voiced by the same person. 
It's possible to absorb LSD through your ears. 
50 Cent is not allowed to vote because of his felony convictions, but states that he would have voted for Bush if he could. 
People who regularly complain of boredom are 2.5 times more likely to die of a heart-attack or stroke. 
Goofy, the Disney Character, had an unnamed wife who died in the late 1950s. 
Studies show that the average dog has the same intelligence as a 2-year-old child - They can understand up to 250 words and motions. 
THIS is what you didn’t know about breathalyzer tests!  
Kissing causes the body to release high amounts of oxytocin, boosting your mood and lowering levels of stress. 
Orgasms can help lower a woman’s risk of heart disease, breast cancer, stroke and depression. 
Before breast implants were perfected, other materials used included ivory, ox cartilage and glass. 
Vaginas and sharks have something in common! Learn more here:  
About 8,000 men underwent breast reduction surgery in the U.S. in 2008. 
70% of teens say bad breath is an instant turnoff. 
Each person who enters a swimming pool adds about 0.14 grams of fecal matter to the water. 
Triclosan, the active ingredient in antibacterial soap, has been known to interfere with sex hormones in humans. 
Be our friend, LIKE on Facebook!  
Oprah Winfrey had a baby at the age of 14, which was born premature and died shortly after birth. 
Coca-Cola has the ability to do THIS to your windows... Should you still be drinking it?  
The IRS is immediately notified whenever you, or anyone else, withdraws $10,000 or more from the bank. 
In 2010, 258 people killed themselves at work. 
Every second of every day, 28,000 people are watching porn online and spending $3,000 on pornographic materials. 
The average male penis is 5 to 6 inches long! See how you measure up:  
Studies show that people who spend more time on the Internet are more likely to develop social problems and self-esteem issues. 
An Internet addict is someone who spends more than 6 hours a day online, not doing anything important, for 3 or more months at a time. 
Foods like donuts and bacon are addictive! High calorie foods overload the brain’s pleasure center - The more you eat, the more you want. 
Regular consumption of processed meats (bacon, hot dogs, ham, sausage, etc) can lead to a higher risk of prostate cancer. 
May 25th is International Planking Day. 
There's an online guide for the proper way of breaking up with someone! Read more HERE:  
Coulrophobia is the fear of clowns and Santa Claus. 
99% of women say real men cry, while only 39% of men agree. 
Dr. Phil has not had a license to practice psychology since he retired it in 2006. 
Although it may be illegal, marijuana has many health benefits! Read more HERE:
 
Oprah Winfrey is chiclephobic - She is scared of gum chewing. 
Every May, there is a Masturbate-A-Thon! An event where people gather to publicly masturbate in an attempt to raise money for charity 
Dolphins don't breathe subconsciously, which is why the only sleep with 50% of their brain active - To prevent drowning. 
Between 64% and 84% of Hong Kong's citizens do not believe in a religion. 
The "Chick-Fil-A" fast food chain donated almost $2 million to anti-gay groups in 2009!  
Oral sex was illegal in Canada until the year 1969. 
Koalas have fingerprints nearly identical to the fingerprints of humans. 
A psychology study suggests that when you're single, all you see are happy couples - When you're committed, you see happy singles. 
A full head of human hair (about 150,000 strands) is strong enough to support the weight of 2 full grown elephants. 
A British schoolboy was expelled after dipping his testicles into a teacher's cup of tea!  
It used to be legal to send kids in the mail. 
You can legally buy products made out of human leather - A human leather wallet costs about $14,000. 
On average, people who masturbate more tend to live longer and healthier lives! Learn more here:  
Scientists have found a way to "grow" bacon from stem cells.  
There are actually 4 types of hand orientations: right-handed, left-handed, ambidextrous and mixed-handed. 
"Rugrats" in German are called "Hosenscheißer" which translates to "pants shitters." 
Over 1 million Europeans were taken as slaves by North Africans between the years 1530 and 1780. 
George Costanza had 43 girlfriends over the 9 seasons of "Seinfeld." 
Cats can cause people to become schizophrenic! Here’s why pets can be BAD for your health:  
This is the first year since 1949 that "Michael" is not in the top 3 U.S. baby names. 
Scopolamine is a drug that causes a person to be incapable of exercising free will and can be used for mind control.  
Singing helps form and strengthen the emotional bond between a group of people. 
The vibrator was the 5th domestic appliance to be electrified, after the sewing machine, toaster, fan, and tea kettle. 
According to NASA, the moon smells like gunpowder. 
It really does take more muscles to frown than to smile! Take a look:  
In Minnesota, it's illegal for any man to have sexual intercourse with a live fish. 
Bob Marley's last words to his son, Ziggy were "Money can't buy life." 
A tiger's tongue is rough enough to like the paint off of a building. 
Ancient Egyptians would mourn the death of cats by shaving off their eyebrows. 
Someone who suffers from Misophonia will often be made angry by very small things - Such as a person who eats or breathes too loudly. 
Sugar doesn’t actually give you cavities! Learn more here:  
The temperature of a woman's face rises when she makes contact with a male - Causing her to "glow." 
The third right arm of a male octopus is also his penis. 
That ringing or buzzing sound you sometimes hear in your head is called "tinnitus." 
90% of cheaters say the person they had an affair with was uglier than their partners! Learn more here:  
The endorphins released in the body during a run are similar to those released during sex. 
More children ages 5 to 14 die from playing baseball than any other sport. 
In 2007, snow tubing and sledding were the causes of more than 160,000 injuries that resulted in emergency room visits. 
By the time you finish saying "I Love You," about 20,000 cells in your body will have died and been replaced with new ones. 
Eminem dropped out of school after failing the 9th grade twice - He skipped school too many times to fight kids on street corners. 
In THIS state, minors are legally allowed to drink alcohol!  
Elephants kill more than 500 people every year. They have been known to also rape and kill grown rhinos. 
Swans are very aggressive when protecting their young, and have been known to drown humans by attacking them from above. 
About 80% of all cats are infected with Toxoplasma gondii, a parasite that can cause depression, anxiety, and schizophrenia in humans. 
Just like humans are left or right-handed, elephants are either left or right-tusked. 
Magic mushrooms (psilocybin) can make you permanently more curious, creative and inquisitive.  
This is what you may or may not have known about what’s inside of you!  
Studies show that people who feel lonely are more likely to take longer showers and longer baths. 
Scientists are developing a method of erasing negative emotional memories (like a break-up) using mild electric shocks. 
42% of the raw chicken you purchase at the supermarket is contaminated with bacteria that causes food poisoning. 
Organic and nutritious food actually costs about 10 times as much as candy and junk food. 
Couples who dance together tend to have stronger and longer lasting relationships. 
Human foreskins are an ingredient in some anti-aging products! Learn more HERE:  
Listening to music while working helps to create a positive mood, and helps you to become more productive. 
The Argentine Lake Duck is known to lasso its mates with its penis and trap them. 
Squirrels purr like cats. 
Although they taste delicious, THESE foods can actually kill you!  
Charlie Sheen once purchased 2,615 tickets to a major league baseball game just to increase his chances of catching a home run ball. 
Over $43 billion worth of unopened, edible food is thrown away in the U.S. every year. 
Lemon flavored Kool-Aid contains citric acids strong enough to be used as a cleaner for dishwashers. 
Soy contains very high levels of manganese, a mineral that has been known to cause brain damage in infants. 
Soy contains plant compounds that mimic the effects of estrogen when consumed by men. 
Americans eat approximately 17.3 billion quarts of popcorn every year. 
Students who regularly consume chocolate milk in schools can gain an additional 5 pounds over the course of a school year. 
The FDA allows frozen strawberries to contain an average mold count of up to 45%. 
Salty and spicy snacks can act as antidepressants. 
An artist designed a set of chairs the spells "LOVE" when put together!  
The term "meme" is derived from the Greek word meaning "something imitated." 
Men are 58% more likely to die from accidental injuries as opposed to women. 
So you want to keep yourself entertained on the internet! Did you know Google could do THIS?!  
The world's most expensive cat is worth about $13 million. 
Gandhi once wrote a letter to his "dear friend" urging him not to go to war -- This friend was Hitler. 
372 people search for pornography on Google every second. 
Space Jam was the highest grossing basketball movie of all time. 
Daydreaming helps improve learning, enhanced abilities, greater creativity as well as increased success. 
Holding objects in front of your body, such as a notebook or handbag, indicates shyness and resistance. 
Studies show couples who watch porn together tend to be more committed.  
What has the body of a lion, and the head of a goat? THIS:  
Dancing has been proven to make you smarter and healthier. 
Doctor Who introduced a dream like virtual reality in 1976. It was called "The Matrix." 
The original Grand Theft Auto website (that was created 11 years ago) is still functional!  
Every day, 20 banks are robbed and an average of $2,500 is taken. 
There are more Starbucks in America than there are McDonald's. 
You might want to learn some more about sushi before you eat it! Check THIS out:  
The word "nightmare" is derived from "Mare", a Germanic folklore goblin who rode on people's chests as they slept. 
Cigarette butts and filters take about 12 years to biodegrade. It would take a glass bottle about 1 million years to biodegrade. 
A new dinosaur species has been found and is called Dracorex Hogwartsia - Meaning "Dragon King of Hogwarts." 
Drinking warm liquids can make a person feel more generous and trusting. 
Lady Gaga states she wrote "Born This Way" in 10 minutes. 
Both men and women tend to settle for mates that are generally in their own class of attractiveness. 
The actress who plays Jenny from "The Hard Times of RJ Berger" is 31-year-old in real life. 
Woody (From Toy Story) has a last name - It's 'Pride.' 
Giraffes, penguins and lions have all homosexual tendencies! Learn more here:  
Strawberries reproduce asexually. 
Dairy Queen actually has its own clothing line. 
White cars are stolen more often than any other colored car. 
Peanut Butter used to be sold in slices, like American cheese. 
The Lonely Island's song "Dick In A Box" won an Emmy award for "outstanding original music and lyrics." 
Fish have rained from the sky! See here:  
Oppositional defiant disorder is a recognized "mental disorder" for people that deliberately disobey authority figures. 
There are 101 flavors of Pringles throughout the world. 
Luis Garavito, the world's most dangerous serial killer (140 victims) only has to serve 22 years in prison and should be released in 2021. 
Did you know THESE celebrities survived breast cancer?  
There is approximately 20 trillion pounds of ants on the earth. 
The Hulk (comic book character) was originally grey, but was changed to green because it was easier to print. 
Tomorrow, 5 people will win $50 iTunes giftcards for playing any puzzle HERE:  
Putting dry tea bags in a pair of smelly shoes will help absorb the unpleasant odor. 
People who remain calm in stressful situations tend to have higher rates of depression and obesity. 
The Asian Giant Hornet is the size of your thumb, and stings with flesh dissolving acid that alerts other wasps to sting you until you die. 
It's possible to be addicted to exercise! Check THIS out:  
Studies show that cockroaches do not like to be left alone and feel depressed when they have no friends!  
Females that play video games have more sex than females who don't play video games. 
A used pair of Queen Elizabeth's underwear sold for $18,000 on eBay. 
Various Canadian police departments give "positive tickets" to reward people for doing something good. 
Robert Downey Jr. was paid 100 times more to star in "The Avengers" than he was to star in the first "Iron Man" movie. 
"Puke" is a slang term for "vagina" in Tagalog, the language of the Philippines. 
It's illegal to own 6 or more dildos in Texas. 
"False Awakening" is the state in which a person dreams that they're waking up, while they are really in deep sleep. 
A female serial killer in ancient Rome was once punished for her crimes by being raped… by a giraffe. 
The surge in production of the hormone oxytocin causes sex to act as a painkiller. 
It takes your brain approximately 90 seconds to decide whether or not you like someone. 
There are 22 different ways to replicate a woman's breasts with text symbols. 
230,730,000 songs are illegally downloaded every day; 160,000 songs are illegally downloaded every minute. 
The fish from "Spongebob Squarepants" that always yells "My leg!" is named Fred. 
Every year, more and more koalas are affected by chlamydia. 
Men can get rid of an erection by sitting down and flexing their thigh muscles repeatedly. 
No matter how hard you pinch the extra skin on your elbow, you will not feel pain. 
One gallon of gas would be able to charge an iPhone once a day, everyday for 20 years. 
Nestlé is the most profitable company in the world. 
The more intelligent a woman is, the less likely she is to be fertile. 
With her parents permission, it is legal for a 10-year-old girl to model topless in France. 
The background noise in a room affects the taste of the food you're eating. 
The lion suit used in "The Wizard of Oz" was made from real lion fur. 
Ikea is actually the world's largest and richest "non-profit charity." 
Jägermeister was originally intended to be a cough medicine. 
Crows can recognize human faces and warn other crows about dangerous people. 
Karen, Plankton's wife from "Spongebob Squarepants," has 256GB of RAM memory. 
The average four-year-old child asks over 400 questions a day. 
Over-thinking is one of the top causes of depression. 
There is a perfume that literally smells like vagina!  
Adding salt to pineapple will actually cause it to taste sweeter! 
Men who masturbate more have a lower chance of getting prostate cancer. 
Amish dolls are often made without faces to emphasize the fact that "all are alike in the eyes of God." 
It's possible for potatoes to explode in the oven if you cook them without poking holes in them. 
NeuroGasm is a soft drink that helps regulate blood flow and causes you to become aroused. 
People who stay up later at night are likely to be more intelligent than those who go to bed early. 
A new variety of fruit was created in the UK. They are pear-apple hybrids referred to as "Papples." 
A 75-year-old woman from Sweden has the world's fastest Internet connection - 40 Gigabits per second!  
The average worker ant will walk more than 4 miles during its lifetime - The average queen ant will walk no more than 4 feet. 
When in danger, this spider turns into a "wheel" and cartwheels away from danger!  
The first "Your Mother" joke on record is over 3,500 years old. 
It is free to walk from the U.S. border into Canada, but it costs 50 cents to walk back into the U.S. 
2.84% of the world’s yearly deaths are intentional (suicide, war, violence), while 3.15% are simply caused by diarrhea. 
It takes about 7 seconds for your nipple to get hard after you flick it. 
The average friendship lasts for about 5 to 7 years. 
After pandas mate, the females chase the males out of their territory and raise the cubs on their own. 
Teens, on average, spend about 87 hours a year watching porn online. 
About 35.9 million Americans (aged 12 and older) have tried cocaine at least once in their lifetime. 
In attempt to enhance his sexual performance, a man once injected cocaine into his penis - It then fell off. 
In Madagascar, it is common for boys to be circumcised when they are 5 years of age - Then, a member of the family eats the foreskin. 
The St. Priapus Church in Canada teaches that the penis is the source of life and all things beautiful. 
Limewire is being sued for $75 trillion - That's more money than even exists in the world.  
People who suffer from "coital cephalagia" experience headaches every time they have an orgasm. 
Adding "-izzle" to the end of a word (Ex: for shizzle) is known as "doublespeak." 
According to IMDB, Snoop Dogg has an IQ of 147, which is considered to be "highly gifted-genius" level. 
Some studies show depression can make you smarter by improving recollection, critical thinking, and raising attention span. 
People with "superior canal dehiscence syndrome" can literally hear their eyeballs move. 
The average penguin has about 1 orgasm every year. 
Crabs have blue blood, while worms and leeches have green blood. 
There are roughly 1,000 recognized slang terms for "vagina." 
Brain scans have shown that we do not experience the world continuously, but in rapid snapshots. 
A fetus can feel their mother's orgasm. 
A passionate kiss to close to the ear can cause someone to go deaf. 
A woman woke up at her own funeral - She was so shocked, that she had a heart attack and died.  
On average, people will spend about two weeks of their life kissing. 
Married couples have sex an average of 58 times a year. 
Buzz Lightyear's original name was "Lunar Larry." 
Chewing gum can help your brain function more efficiently. 
People with higher I.Q.s dream more. 
A female praying mantis rips the head off of the male during sex. 
Studies show that taller people are generally happier than shorter people.  
As a form of execution in the 20th century, women would urinate into the mouth of a captured soldier until he drowned. 
Negative emotions can harm and damage your immune system. 
Sea otters have been known to rape and drown baby seals. 
Baby hedgehogs are called "hoglets." 
Singapore Airlines have "corpse cupboards" to store people who die mid-flight. 
The sunlight hitting the earth is was trapped inside of the sun for about 30,000 years before being released. 
Weird Al Yankovic was the valedictorian of his high school. 
Women attempt suicide about 3 times more often than men. 
Semen has been proven to increase life expectancy and reduce signs of aging. 
Hammocks actually improve sleep quality and make people fall asleep faster. 
This 13-year-old boy was arrested for having a black Sharpie in school! See here:  
Dentists are 5.45 times more likely to commit suicide than the average person. 
36 million years ago, penguins were about 5 feet tall. 
You can order an STD online to get revenge on someone.  
One of the most common nightmares is of a person getting chased! HERE’s what you didn’t know about that:  
Blueberries can help improve your memory. 
Bonobo monkeys often greet each other with sex. 
The Rock actually created the word "smackdown" in 1997. 
1 sperm cell contains about 37.5MB of DNA - So a normal ejaculation transfers about 1,587GB of data in 3 seconds. 
Chimps can use "spears" (and other weapon-like objects) to hunt other animals. 
Studies have found that poorer people have more sex! Read more HERE:  
"Whiskey" is a Gaelic word and means "water of life." 
Toothpaste is efficient in soothing the pain from minor burns, but not open wounds. 
Babies that are 4-6 months old naturally know how to swim - This instinct disappears after that time and they need to be re-taught. 
Blood sucking leeches are being used to help the body heal! Take a look at THIS:  
Chocolate contains a small amount of a marijuana-like chemical called anandamide - This directly affects the brain’s pleasure center. 
Playing with puppies and kittens relieves stress and can help students perform better on exams. 
Studies show that men who help their wives with household chores are happier and tend to have more sex. 
Laying on your right side causes more intense heartburn - Laying on your left side can stop it. 
Killing a panda in China is punishable by death. 
THIS is why eating fast food makes you tired:  
The "Friendship Paradox" is a theory that states your friends have more friends than you - This is true for most people. 
Dogs have the ability to taste pure water, but humans cannot. 
People who have more sex also have better control of their bladder. 
After sex, the body produces an increased amount of prolactin which helps to improve a person's sense of smell. 
It's possible for men to have "too much sex", but not women.  
As of February 2011, there are 6 people in the U.S with the name "Derp." 
What has the body of a lion, and the head of a goat? THIS:  
"Strengths" is longest word in the English language with only one vowel. 
Cursing raises our pain tolerance by about 50%. 
Our brain uses up 25% of our energy. 
Spider-Man grew up at 20 Ingram Street in Forest Hills, Queens - The address is real and the Parkers live there.  
The Oprah Winfrey Network has lost approximately $330 million since 2008. 
Bill Gates has given away approximately $28 billion since 2007 and has saved approximately 6 million lives. 
Eating marshmallows can help soothe a sore throat. 
Men tend to lie so they can make themselves look better! Read more here:  
Parents can hire a clown to creepily stalk their kids for 7 days until the clown throws a cake in their face.  
The "Neustadt Kunsth of Passage" is a building in Dresden, Germany that starts to play music whenever it rains. 
"The HotShot" is an extra small condom produced to help 12-14 year old boys practice safe sex. 
Depressed people dream up to three times as much as non-depressed people. 
Exercise causes our bodies to produce cannabinoids - the same chemicals found in marijuana.  
Researchers have found that flatulence produced by dinosaurs contributed to global warming. 
Boanthropy is a psychological disorder in which a human is convinced that they are an ox. 
THIS is what the average person does in their lifetime!  
Some scientists claim that we will encounter alien life within the next 20 years. 
During the 1700's, 20% of all women in London were prostitutes. 
Stan Lee created Iron Man as a challenge to create a character no one should like and force people to like him. 
1 in 12 people literally have sex in their sleep. 
Emma Watson is related to a 16th century witch.  
Lack of sleep can cause you to gain weight. 
J.K. Rowling makes about $8 every second. 
Barack Obama collects THESE on his free time!  
According the rare Lion King novel series, Scar's real name is "Taka" - Which is Swahili for "dirt." 
In 2011, there were more violent deaths in Mexico than in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia & Yemen combined. 
Today's average smartphone has more computing power than the first space shuttle ever produced. 
Hot water will freeze faster than cold water. 
Only 1 out of every 3 humans on earth uses the Internet. 
You have a third eyelid! See here:  
Kim Jong-Il's biography claimed that him and his father created the world and controlled the weather. 
It takes about 12 hours for food to entirely digest. 
Plants can selectively abort seed embryos. 
THESE animals greet each other and say hi... by having sex!  
At many hotels, asking for "an extra pillow" is coded talk for wanting a prostitute. 
Playboy produces a braille magazine for the blind. 
The word “nice” originally meant foolish or stupid. 
Marvel Universe has created over 9,000 superheroes and other characters within the 74 years its been publishing. 
There are 403 people in the U.S. named “Faggart.” 
17.6 million Americans are considered to be alcoholics! Here’s why:  
Mike Rowe (the host of Dirty Jobs) was a professional opera singer. 
The fastest speeding ticket ever issued was for a guy traveling at 242 mph. 
Pocahontas was 11 years old when she met John Smith - He was 28. 
This guys name is Dickie Head!  
Canada has an official phone number - It’s 1(800) O-CANADA. 
Jaleel White, the actor who played Steve Urkel, was also the voice of “Sonic The Hedgehog.” 
Studies show that living abroad, drinking vodka and meditation can all make you more creative. 
Women tend to take longer when making decisions, but are more likely to stick with them as opposed to men. 
In the 1950’s, people laughed an average of 18 minutes a day - Currently, we laugh an average of 4-6 minutes a day. 
Approximately 450 people die from falling off their bed every year in the U.S. 
Women who regularly jog live about 5.6 years longer on average than women who do not jog. 
If you search "Who's the cutest" using Google's "I'm Feeling Lucky," it will say "YOU ARE" 
Women are more likely to have nightmares while men are more likely to dream about sex. 
As of April 2010, Bill Gates had donated over 36.8 billion dollars, which is more than half of his current net worth of $61 billion. 
The average price of a slave worldwide is $90 - You would probably pay less for a slave than a new iPod. 
Lemons will repel spiders. 
The word "muggle" was originally a jazz-era slang term for a person who smoked marijuana. 
The ancient Japanese would wipe their anuses with a kusobera - A wooden stick who's name literally meant "shit spatula." 
In 2008. Burger King released a meat-scented cologne called "Flame." 
The term "scumbag" originally meant "condom." 
"Asymbolia" is a condition that causes people to be immune to feeling pain. 
Sex and marijuana can help prevent migraines. 
"Dog TV" is a television channel designed specifically to keep dogs entertained and stimulated while you go about your day. 
All the stars in space out number every sound and word produced by every human that has
ever lived. 
Saliva can act as a painkiller 6 times more powerful than morphine. 
Lays produces a smoked bacon flavor of chips. 
In ancient Rome, men who were found guilty of rape would have their testicles crushed between two stones. 
Bill Gates has 7 bedrooms and 24 bathrooms in his primary house located in Seattle. 
Jackie Chan, Cameron Diaz, Carrie Fisher and Sylvester Stallone all starred in porn films at one point. 
Robert Downey Jr. started smoking marijuana at the age of 6. 
Eating berries helps keep the brain healthier and increase memory. 
The United States spends about $190 billion every year trying to treat obesity. 
10% of the American teenage population smokes marijuana at least 20 times a month. 
Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates both signed a promise agreeing to give away half their wealth over the course of their lifetime. 
In 1994, the average lifespan of an NFL player was 55 years. 
Every year, more than 10 people are killed by vending machines. 
Candles will burn longer and drip less if placed in the freezer a few hours before using. 
Approximately 1/3rd of Americans flush the toilet while they are still sitting on it. 
Approximately 1/3rd of Americans flush the toilet while they are still sitting on it. 
Jackie Chan provided the speaking and singing voice of Beast in the Chinese version of Disney's "Beauty and the Beast." 
Drinking orange juice can lower your risk for cancer! Learn more here:  
Anyone with a medical license (including dentists) can legally perform plastic surgery. 
While 10% of the entire population is left-handed, 20% of twins are left-handed. 
Facebook gives you the option to download everything you've EVER posted in a ZIP file. 
McDonald's is number 8 on the list of America's healthiest fast food restaurants. 
Louis Vuitton burns their unsold merchandise so it won't be sold at a discount. 
THIS is how you can tell when someone is lying to you!  
A group of antelope is called a "tribe." 
Spike from "A Land Before Time" was added to the group of characters as an appeal to the mentally handicapped. 
Elephants have been known to keep standing even after they die. 
The next time you’re out at a bar, remember not to touch this!  
The creators of Pringles had his ashes stored in a Pringles can after he died. 
While our vision is the quickest sense we have, our sense of smell is the most delayed. 
On Monday, ANOTHER 5 people will win $50 iTunes giftcards for playing any UberFacts puzzle HERE!  
If you had 1 billion dollars and spent $1,000 a day, it would take you 2,749 years to spend it all. 
The highest denomination of currency issued by the U.S. is the $100,000 bill. 
There is an official Rock, Paper, Scissors League. 
“How To Watch Television, Learning From YouTube and Arguing with Judge Judy" are real college classes! Take a look:  
There are approximately 12-27 million humans still enslaved worldwide. 
Pie crusts can be extra crispy by using vodka instead of water when making them. 
The word "fuck" can be used as an adverb, verb, adjective, command, and noun - Logically, it can be used almost anywhere in a sentence. 
Johnny Depp has been a featured voice on three episodes of Spongebob Squarepants. 
Although they taste delicious, THESE foods can actually kill you!  
Rubbing your ears can help relieve an itchy throat. 
New Zealand has banned/rejected the following baby names: Lucifer, V8 and Anal. 
In the original Italian story, Pinocchio kills Jiminy Cricket with a hammer. 
THIS lady holds the record for most tattooed female senior citizen! 93% of her body is covered in tattoos!  
Hugging helps lower blood pressure. 
Kim Jong-il only traveled by train because he was afraid of flying -- He died while riding a train on December 17th. 
You can live for weeks without eating, but will most likely die after 11 days without sleep. 
"The Hunger Games" holds the record for highest advanced ticket sales for a non-sequel movie. 
A 10-year-old boy in England once underwent emergency medical treatment to have his testicle reattached after a wedgie. 
Elephantitis Balls is a real diseases! Check THIS out:  
Each cigarette smokes takes 5 to 11 minutes off of the smoker's life span. 
Sea otters hold hands while sleeping so they don't drift away from each other. 
A woman's chances of having twins increases after 35 years of age. 
Drugs can make you do some crazy things! Is that why these people did THIS??  
In the "Call Me Maybe" music video, Carly Rae Jepsen falls for a boy who turns out to be gay. 
Farts travel at an average speed of 10 feet per second. 
It would take more than 150 years to drive a car all the way to the sun. 
Staying awake for 17 hours has the same effect on your body as drinking 2 glasses of wine. 
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined. 
Of the 17,000 words Shakespeare used, he is said to have invented about 1,700 of them. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
The Nobel Peace Prize features 3 naked men with their hands on each others' shoulders. 
