En route to Jalandhar for JTHJ...havent slept a w?nk all n?ght...eyel?ds r feel?ng l?ke a mattress. Hope ?ts a long slow flt...  no i am just sweet  Mom & me use to sit & watch Mr.Khanna's films back to back.Whenever life felt tough u made us feel how love could change it all. will miss u 
The illusion that you could hold to yourself the things you most want & lose the things you least wanted to keep..?s the struggle of l?fe...  i like it how simply ppl analyze characters in films...u do well my man bless u.  To live with intention & walk to the edge. Play with abandon, choose with no regret. Smile & made us do the same.Sir,u defined our era.RIP 
Was just told by a fr?end...take out one day just for urself. Wonder?ng now, whose l?fe to borrow that day from w?thout feel?ng obl?gated..?  there is nothing like a superstar performance...superstars don't necessarily act well...u act well thats why u becum a star  Orderliness of the house, stinks of no children.Need to throw a few clothes around, chips & biscuit crumbs on bed & the inside of a toy. 
had a free therapy session at the think fest. now exhausted...long nite awaits a longer day..but then i need to fill in the blanks with work  no...  More than half the year is up & still so much to do. Like they say Calendars should come with WARNING: Dates r much closer than they appear. 
F?rst t?me feel?ngs...There ?s someth?ng strangely fulf?ll?ng about leav?ng & p?ck?ng a loved one from the a?rport..never bel?eved ?t before  nokia lumia 900...will be out this month i think  sorry i don't get to reply all..also favorite co- actor...food...fav film...where r u...questions r too deep to have one answer.love u all. 
onway to thinkfest...  she has good taste...  go watch a srk film and try and become him again... 
so true...and dont u laugh at my pl?ght...see u soon.  i only feel good...at least most of the time...the rest is make up i guess..  its like choosing between...life...soul and beyond. all three have some amazing insights. 
Somet?mes ?t ?s best to go to sleep...  when i am good i am very good...but most of the time i am bad...which is awesome....  i just did...my first reply to u.... 
Been a few days since its a normal day. So today lets celebrate the ordinary day. Our being alive is reason enuff for celebration everyday.  my directors want me to put on weight...i have 4 of them...the other two have been sacrificed to bread and rice.  i just saw the game of thrones...series...i like that. 
Completely the ?deal b?rthday...no work...just la?d ?n the bed...ate...drank soda..watched ser?es..ate..drank and watched..t?ll eyes drooped  blue always...its extremely macho...ha ha...this is my all time favorite question  vegetarian tandoori chicken..!! 
thanx my man. Love to u and happ?ness.  goodness and gentleness....they think it is wusslike...dont realize how much strength is there in silences...  i ignore them and secretly smile at their lack of life... 
thanx so much darling. hope u always smile like u do...big hug.  i like to work with directors and as much as i love my co actors...i have no say in it...ever.  miles to go before i sleep.... 
how wonderful r u all (including the relentless negative ones) giving me so much love. i promise this life is dedicated to make u all smile  ok few questions and then i have to rush to work....  love u too... 
up & about.need to go out and wish everyone a big thanx in a bit. screaming..shouting & dhols outside the house. do i deserve all this love?  Still at work...got a gima award for chamak challo...a compliment for challa...and a hug from mika singh..punjab da day type today.  ...and over righteous...ill informed...faceless...opinionated people on social networks. 
thanx my man...wishing u happiness and goodness too. u r wonderful as always...big hug with the open arms...  Exclusive! - The Video of the First Song CHALLA from “Jab Tak Hai Jaan”  ......lyrics meaning to follow.  for god's sake...its a manner of speech !!! 
thanx man...and insha Allah we will have a quiet time on ur terrace again...miss it.  As Rumi says the 2 insomnias of love where you keep searching for your lover. Thats the meaning of Challa ki labda phire.hope u all like it  i am never free....i am extremely dear my dear. 
thanx man had a great time with u...and yes in a shirt i look like from ddlj times...ha ha  When I am with u, we stay up all night, trying to find each other. make dad your fan...work hard and make him proud and happy. 
thanx so much darling....wishing u happiness and a big hug.  When you're not here, I can't go to sleep....i wait for u. LABDA PHIRE.  haven't seen cocktail but will do soon. all the best to saif...deepika and homi. i hear the film is very very good!!! 
thanx guys..had a great time at the office.  Surrounded by Plaster of Paris on the sets..leather in the car..Plastic money..only my kids make it unartificial & environmentally friendly.  ok ten questions.... 
thanx so much and the speakers rock...love to u.  Before mobile phones took away the romance...ha ha.   i have come to the conclusion...Adults r a reservoir of old useless emotions...grudges, anger, possessiveness. Have decided not to grow up.. 
thank u so much...happiness and all life party to u too.  Challa will be out on the 1st of Oct. Looking forward to it...havent seen it since we finished shooting it.  Black coffee under a hiding sun.A cuddle in a pink duvet with my lil one & a discussion of life & love with my growing son. Need No More. 
thanx my friend. may Allah keep u as simple as u have been for years....lots of love.  really nice ur article...wish you had written more.  Reading Charlie Chaplin...the master says...in the end..everything is a gag. 
thanx so much...r we back from america or still working on the book. lets meet soon...lots of love.  One of those days when u want to shake it all off like a dog when it gets wet. But Homo Sapienism comes in the way...!!  Ten yrs of Devdas.Thanx Sanjay,Jaggu dada, Madhuri & Aishwarya for an awesome memory.Hum Lailaaj ho gaye Chunni Babu.(my fav line from film) 
thanx so much...my love to u and a big hug with the spread arms...  To all th?ngs that rema?n unf?n?shed...unfulf?lled...undone...?ncomplete...?mperfect. ?f all got done...would there be a reason to go on..?  Wrestlers r made of sweat,determination & a hard to find alloy called guts...most apt for Dara Singhji our very own Superman.Will miss u sir 
and climb i will as long as i have friends like u with me. thanx so much...love and happiness to u.  If only we could hold our gifts when we received them, instead we let them fall like sand sieved through our fingers....  Eyes r l?ke beaut?ful words...somet?mes chang?ng the?r mean?ng but always wr?tten the same.  
thanx so much...yes it will be the song of my life..u know that. bless u  Have to rush for work now. Bye all  have to go now...another day to lead into the night...love to all. 
thanx so much for ur wishes. need to meet up and have a dinner soon...love to u  never  loved spiderman...i want to be spiderman...i want to sleep hanging upside down without letting the blood rush into my head... 
thanx so much. need to come over and listen to some songs soon...love u.  more than anything ha ha  ha ha wot does astute mean...i thought u understand jokes...see u can never tell how anybody is on twitter. 
thanx so much man. will see u soon...god bless u. be happy.  too much no???  stardom is not an achievement or a gift...its an accident that happens to hardworking people. 
yes those were the days...  except my soul I give all for use that's the only way I can reach out.money is not the criteria but this is the world v live in  always be an outsider...it lets u do stuff differently... 
love u darling. may Allah keep u happy and a bit cracked always.  don't use me as an excuse. Badmash  yes i get most of my time to be with family...i have no other recreation... 
thanx my love...u be good and happy always.  thank so much  what is that....indian post office??? 
thanx garoo...love to u and the wife for her birthday also.  don't lose hope ever  give her my love. 
W?ll chat w?th u all after a b?t of sleep...and thank u all personally...even b'day boys need sleep...  traffic was a killer then and it is still....hardly any change.  everyone should read some of him...its important... 
Best part of b?rthday...motorcycle r?de on my new bajaj ktm from rajeev...w?th my son early morn and daughters b'day card on my bed...  jab tak hai khan...  risk anytime...just lost the world yesterday to kids...didnt feel so bad...it remained in the family... 
Hav?ng lots of fun do?ng ?nterv?ews w?th channels & rad?o guys.overwhelmed how they g?ve me cakes & g?fts. Thanx all  awwwww...now do it all over again.  only when they say good things...for bad things i have the rest of the newspaper. 
ur ps 3 ?s ready...keep rock?ng  100 hugs...  have fun as long as u can...life hasn't started yet for u...its just about to... 
Birthday is a few hours away.A day which will confine me within time,Give me a definition...when all we want is to be indefinite. thanx all.  no haven't seen it...but hope all like it.  i think its sorry enough that u have lost someone u love... 
thanx my friend  really...i hadn't noticed...lemme see...??  Didn't have seat belts so wore the pads...didnt have the airplane ticket so chased it like a bus asking for a lift... 
just started the day with this stuff my friends have done in dubai. Awesome work...  but aryan is not on twitter or Facebook....  ok ten questions...then i must fly.... 
thanx so much...?t was fun  haven't yet...but wish it all the best...  Now that finally Higgs Boson has been found, lets turn our attention back to the most important human quest! The cure for the common cold... 
look after urself...we w?ll do ?t another day  most of the time...  Went for dinner with my kids & realized, that all r reading amounts to a big zero, when it comes to reading a menu.Next stop a burger joint! 
Long?sh day...and now look?ng forward to a long?sher n?te....?ts a n?ce feel?ng somet?mes alone ?n the darkness of my car. Me w?th me...  today...done.  have to go now. have a horror movie date with kids....aaarrrggghhhh!!!! 
i am off to work now. bless u all.  u have a suspicious mind girl....think positively...take everything as it comes...there r very few conspiracies here...  suhana is a spitting image of me... 
well done  king of kings...  pepsodent mein sab kuch hai!!! 
if they r imbeciles i wont say anything to them...no need.  have stopped talking or showing family on public platforms...it gets misinterpreted...  brother eric d'souza my teacher...friend...guide...awesome guy in shillong now. love him. 
bajaj...the new one.  feels too airy...!!!  its nothing special...i think i spend time with kids cos adults think i am juvenile...ha ha. 
a bit of pain still...  thank u bro...u r kind...will do my best  nokia...nokia...nokia. 
tease...!! ha ha  as you said...u have nothing to ask....  don't know...guess its less satanic than 666... 
when u r not afraid of life...why should u be afraid of death...???my line from jab tak hai jaan...  yes i saw the songs of the film at her house. she is such a fabulous actor...my best wishes and love for her film....always.  being driven in a car by my kids to a party they r going to. they r happy to take me along as i am cool enough.... 
oh yes...jaan and khan.  really nice....  i keep telling farhan we should...lets see if he gets excited snuff. 
not much.  yes about 5 hours  patience...patience is the only friendship u can have with time. never cut what you can untie.. 
whose there...???  thank u for thinking so....now let me go long for older girls...ha ha  patience...patience is the only friendship u can have with time. never cut what you can untie.. 
yes...i am the signature series...ha ha  the most....  i like hard metal tongs!!! songs i find too noisy... 
lots of love to u  not all...some have taken leave...will get them back soon....  hi do well 
a great sportsman who gave us some of the best moments in world cricket. thank u saurav dada for being an inspiration.  a girl by any name actually....  i believe there is much more to success than making it into figures....others who do we can't judge them...each to their own. 
u tell me...  love is always true i think....  hey thai fans...love u 
may Allah bless u and keep u in good health  yes i have read books on that topic...very interesting  i listen to songs from girls at the back door...ha ha 
same...  nice poem...but why waste it on useless fools...  would love to...but have no script yet and even less finance ha ha 
yeah i noticed. i think nameless faceless abusing is useless....  i am not an arab...ha ha  vindication of what...i just work...like wot i do...and am glad i get enuff to keep my days busy. 
pepsodent...wow!!!  can't remember....maybe the media only...  here i picked it....patience pays they say. 
i dont waste time measuring girls...  and outside....  why expect a film from me which u have already seen...hope i make some unexpected ones... 
no  no i bathe in the shower....  in london...no!! 
i am sorry cant reply to all...  as long as it doesn't wet my inner wear....  i like the sufi ideology... 
i dont know myself...  noticed...  seemed like a waste of a good walk...interrupted by shots!!! 
read the tweets not the technology...  play for manchester united...  reading the psychopath test...its quite nice. 
so sorry...the timeline will get out of hand...  we all are...arent we....??  question time...anyone??? only 10...cos i am in kids service today... 
i dont take them...nobody argrues with me about me...  no i didn't know the name of the film....  Saw red riding hood with kids. Felt my Pathan heart Missing beats..it was so scary. 'Oh Teri' slipped out of mouth with fear. held onto kids 
have a good life.  wots that...  Khuda Hafiz all....onto more worldly things...like work...sweat and running. love u all and be happy as u can be... 
well done...u r good at math.  i send u so many pics...why bother with a dp  i think i should leave now....train waiting for a shoot. 
diptyque...  hi...this is the smallest font size i have  you know its the silliest to compare actors...only in india we do that...nowhere else in the world. 
no understanding of paintings  quick conversation....ask and you shall get....answers to questions. will choose the least likely questions today...  ok ok...dont spam me...heres a hug...now quit!!! 
uff!!!  I l?ke Fanp?re! Has a good r?ng to ?t. Not the fan part cos most of u r more v?rtual fr?ends than fans..but the 'p?re' part. Well done Zeder  have to go with italy cos i wear inner wear which says italia...though spain is awesome in the midfield... 
i think so...unless i am somebody else and dint know it till u found out...  oh damn...there goes another commerc?al ? could have shot ?n that t?me...!!!!  don't unfollow me...please...ha ha 
they wouldnt allow 666...the devil had already taken it ha ha  ouch me too.hope th?s tweet doesnt come up on my ?mm?grat?on records next ? am ?n Amer?ca uh ahem.Tw?l?te vamp?res r so lovable muah!  yes they affect me cos i am a very closed and shy person. i become very awkward and quiet...occupational hazard i guess. 
i send them far away....  ouch me too.hope th?s tweet doesnt come up on my ?mm?grat?on records next ? am ?n Amer?ca uh ahem.Tw?l?te vamp?res r so lovable muah!  always from the heart....anyway thats controlled by the mind too...so it all works out fine. 
this year i hear lots of women doing karwah chauth on my birthday...ha ha...bless u.  For a moment got hopeful,u r also a fellow vamp?re but on closer u r just on Amer?can space. Blood suck?ng but not a vamp?re..bah!!  i have one beautiful sister 
1500 rupees... i think  wots ur (break?ng) story...go?ng to sleep or wak?ng up. Tak?ng a break...or tak?ng them on....  i am doing one now... 
no  ? sleep only when the sun comes up....cant have two stars burn?ng br?ght ?n the same f?rmament...ha ha. Its a joke dont m?s?nterpret.  lazy feeling...i love that. 
shukriya  Small people w?th small expectat?ons hold u back. U need to bel?eve that e?ther u r beyond or below those expectat?ons...e?ther ways...fly.  a plastic smiley badge...and my bronze medal in a hundred meter race... 
my hair in the morning and chin the rest of the day...  We who have always known truth and loyalty, Know the cure of time lies in the passing of night and day. Heavy...as some say my tweets are..  diwali release.... 
Ask and u shall be answered....in a bit of madness mode as i slept at 8 am. watched movies till late with son...doritos clogging the brain.  Clean shaven...???...shaved...??? forgotten how it is said...!! wotever....   i have no concept of time... 
Long day w?th journal?st...heart to heart ?nterv?ews and now wa?t w?th bated breath...to read some of the ?nterpretat?ons...  Too many meetings and even more talk...talk...talk. On my way out tripped over a few useless words which were still hanging about the room.  never... i have to be kissed out of bed by my kids... 
Feel kind of empty as the release of a film comes closer. Miss all the warm times with the unit...& a big thanks to Anushka & Katrina.  I like my new office...hope am able to create some new things in movies from here.  right place...right time...right work...right people. 
My doc Sanjay Desa? ?s the coolest...just feel l?ke say?ng the respons?b?lt?es on my shoulder feel l?ght cos he makes ?t so strong. Thanx  Figuring out how to send stuff on twitter through this mode of communication..last one didn't reach there..h   kiski surat...aapki??? jokes apart yes i have seen surat. 
very n?ce...maade me sm?le. Thanx  Rain and cold makes me miss my loved ones...though I find sitting in a lounge extremely cosy...   its extremely intangible....and has no definition...it keeps changing with ur achievements. 
have to head for work, fotoshoot waiting and my doc for the shoulder. see u guys later.  Awesome mov?e 'The Watch'...my favour?te all t?me l?ne ?n ?t...so clumsy...so pr?m?t?ve...so dangerous...!!  there is a color that exists beyond the rainbow...its the color u should look for...i like that...u will find urs too 
sexier without it actually...ha ha  L?ttle merc?es of l?fe...cab (tax?) fr?end allows me to smoke....aaah to be a mov?e star. W?ll ? get arrested?? Oops...  ...that the two leading ladies have taught me a new way to act... 
both my kids r beautiful...  off to doing nothing now. was good being u all....love  i don't try to impress anybody....i just be... 
i love them...  enjoy these years...and compete with goodness to excel. never give up...love to u.  where the heart is i guess... 
i am an actor so mostly shootings...  don't like talking about my family's feelings anymore...find there is no reason to open them for tabloid discussion. sorry.  i hope i can do better than that someday...kkkkkher ji 
thanx...it was important to get that right  all the time...  as soon as i know your address... 
i just step back and believe things will work themselves out as long as i am true to wot i do and feel  should find out and maybe i should do the same exercise...may still grow taller...ha ah  so far so good....and looks brighter when i see my kids. 
they dont make them like me anymore...u should ask some ppl who dont like me they will tell u ha ha  u do that...  i have said it before...i wanted to fly and pick up gautam in my arms and take him for a flight like lois lane. 
not at all...never.  don't get technical on me...just see the pics...please.  hi 
come and meet me whenever u wish...  thank u for the love for the family. bless you.  yes different parts on different days.on sundays i take a full bath...once a week rose petals and camel milk like cleopatra ha ha 
and my sister too  hawa kha lo...ya paas mein koi ho toh uska sar...ha ha  you have to sleep enough to face the world fresh and enthusiastic. 
please do and send me apic....  bahut mushkil...kyunki bahut saare hain....100 mulkon se bhi zyaada...  hi mommy....may you lots of happiness being one. 
they r not so important...  hockey...football and theater...fauji...  ok happy chat time...only happy answers to all kind of questions today....bring it on.... 
i feel my angel always at my side....everything doesnt need to have a name or number.  didn't get my size of shoes...had to order them...they said i am getting too big for my boots...  Feel inexplicably happy today. Write back some funny stuff before someone tries to explain the cause of happiness and takes it away..ha ha. 
not yet...will do today  pehli toh aa jaaye....khujli kam kar...ha ha  i am liking your blogs...keep writing and caricaturing my man. 
uncomfortably....  king of wot....??? hearts...pain...happiness...or just of my own feelings and life? don king...king kong...larry king...?  Have no idea why i do what i do sometimes.Then a friend reminded me, our madness is our only sanity.That made sense or is that more madness? 
yes i think i will  persian and arabic....and even urdu....spanish.  as always can't reply to each one of u individually...the heart wants but the fingers don't move so fast. lov u all and i am gone...thanx. 
when it is ready...it will be announced.  ha ha....watch the movie...dont write it...leave some of the work to us...we get paid for this.  faiz ahmed faiz and ghalib...and iqbal. 
not at all...never wanted to do it anyway...  there r enough cops around...let me be just don...i like that. also done army uniform...so one uniform in a year is good snuff..no?  30 is nearly the new 40...enjoy it. 
uh????  all movies have their place in time...dont know which turns out like these two wonderful films...i choose wot i feel...  i did thanx 
my brains...no sweat also  yashji is the most fun...young...happy and funny as in humor director to work with. 50 yrs of film making!!!  a face that reminds me of someone i know... 
i never cast actresses....ever.  question answers....??? shoot...!!! from the hip and lip...  wotever...as long as they r calling me..ha ha 
juhi chawla...johnny lever..anupam kher...priyanka chopra...ashutosh gowarikar...farhan akhtar....karan johar. wot anice ques  translate on this one please....   hi scotland... 
would love to but its a lil early for indian sensibility  ...and it continues....send me your views and translations on this aspect of love.   me too or play football...or some such. 
yes and then someone will take a pic and say i am promoting my film...ha ha  I have no idea wot i represent to other ppl. All i know as i walk a dark cold street with my son alongside is that i am loved & protected.  shaira... 
thanx somuch  gotta go now and buy myself some new shoes. the old shoes refused to walk the same path as me....i think their sole is somewhere else...  get well soon my friend. 
he is wrong...dont waste money on lottery  got t shirts signed by rio ferdinand...nani and ronaldo...that made me happy.  cos i don't have all the answers... 
trust and love  i do...but i will never put henna on my hands...smells terrible...sorry.  love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost...( milan Kundera) 
always and forever nokia  no unfortunately no....but the film looks awesome. congrats to karan and his team...  i enjoy both.... 
meryl streep....megan fox...  bless u  only aaj free...kal se kaam shuru. 
twice...and both times was very scared...  i love that pay song...awesome. showed it to my daughter...she thinks i am whacked out cool now...  akira kurosawa 
too less....should drink more...will have one glass now.  hi amit...this is g.one calling....  will come to russia for sure....one country i have not visited. 
Need to do something new today....send suggestions. Not a reshuffle...something new...or we can do questions...send som new queries...shoot.  felt bad bangladesh lost at cricket today...both my favorite guys playing saqib and mc cullum though.  my family is not very social i guess.... 
My very own personal?sed p?llow the sheraton gave me. Now to sleep after a sandw?ch ch?ps combo..   they say the funny bone has nothing to do with it...so even i don't know!!  heres the answer to them all....love to u. 
Flt delayed...wa?t?ng ?n lounge... feel?ng extremely sleepy...somehow dra?ned w?thout do?ng any hard work. Deep urge for a sandw?ch too  i dont...they r not good snuff to breathe the air that surrounds me...  you won't be able to afford it.... 
In Delh?, real?zed ?ts my dad's b'day today.He would have been 88 yrs old..hmmm.Cant ?mag?ne h?m that old.Good ? remember h?m as 50yrs young  many times...have broken my spine...ribs...ankle...knee and shoulder. sometimes i get hit even romancing girls on screen..ha ha  i pray all the time... 
May Allah bless u  i can do them in my sleep...as a matter of fact i am told i do do them in my sleep...ha ha  just sit on a roadside cafe of an unknown town....with known people. 
thanx bro...may Allah g?ve u health and happ?ness...Ameen.  moms are always right...listen to them more often...  make your name shyam rukh khan...that will work...ha ha 
May Allah g?ve u all, health happ?ness and above all peace of m?nd and heart th?s E?d...and beyond. Insha Allah.  truly international. she will make us all so proud & now some idiot will have a field day with this comment! HA!  we are out of beer.... 
Watch?ng Break?ng Bad w?th my son at 3 am...and both f?nd ?t ?t awesome...?s that a good s?gn?? Even ?f ?ts not...?ts a fun s?gn.  you should start making films like that...better way to change wot u want to see is to make the change...  no i worked very hard to be a star...i would feel awful leading a normal life. 
Noth?ng more uncond?t?onal than the hugs ? get from my bab?es.how much they luv me. They want me to l?ve forever...cryogen?cally ?f need be  wot a wonderfully positive way of life thoughts u have....god bless u.  will do...find latin america very sexy... 
 shava ?s here ....  anything that has the word back in it i don't see...send me feed forward soon...  lots of love to u all.... 
ok i dont mind having an Ishq SHAVE either...if the spell check insists..rite after i have a mohabbat shower & pyaar rinse.  my truest friends are my family....my kids. they kind of like me as i am...cant afford to otherwise i guess...ha ha  had his tests going on... 
thank u all for the Eid wishes...today is for prayers and children & am glad u all liked the song.  ...ishq shave.  no haven't yet. will do soon...know ranbir and r awesome in it. i even got the credit for it YAY!!!  here u go... 
One year ago...? remember the hect?c days & n?te...the madness of Ra.One...w?ll rema?n my most pass?onate endeavour & closest to my heart..  heart mended???  i don't get pocket money myself...wot will i give my kids... 
ok all have to get to things that need physical attention. thanx again for all ur wishes...may Allah make u all happy.  i don't choose my co actors....the directors do. always is a pleasure to work with Rani, one of my best friends.wish her for aiyya  too responsible at times...wish i could let ppl see that there is a lot of ease with which i do stuff...they should too. 
never  called heroines by each others name...fallen down carrying one...& talked myself to sleep...and many more...  in front of my laptop.... 
not true...  if u can express your weaknesses...you are the strongest. the ability to accept "i don't know" is the greatest gift of God.  in one bottle all three difficult to do. each film has its own world and its own performance... 
no i am not there...  you just did...  ooohhhh i am scared...will never say that again...!!! 
thank u so much. bless u  all the time...incessantly...continuously....  rohit shetty and farah khan. 
saans from jthj  its like no gooders tasting crumbs and then hoping they can eat the spoils of the lions if he goes away...scavengers basically  always wanted to make a film there.... 
u cant count in numbers...if u have to be anything be beyond numbers...ha ha.  no the hair is anti gravity right now...look like a gollywog....  why pick one when i have both doing so well in the film with me. 
i have acted in them when i was a kid...  nafrat karunga mai....its the most beautiful expression of love for ur lover.  oh wow...sweden...yes maybe one day insha Allah 
yes i do that in london...with my daughter.  idiot men/boys who use this term to belittle others don't realize how little they are in more ways than one...ha ha.ignore them  use to love kojak... 
first 30 pages...thats all.  no haven't yet...but wish madhur...kareena all the best.  i am re reading now...catch 22 and milan kundera 
yes i will.  life is not good for health....but we still keep doing it...wots a coffee cup then??  how to make work feel like not work.... 
will tell mushtaq for sure...u also tweet to him.  their gentleness and strength to bear with men...  hope ur love never diminishes..... 
i am not a trade pundit or an astrologer...i am an actor...like to be unpredictable...  recovering...i hate soups...  happy birthday. 
no unfortunately i am not there...  even more greedy...want more...want now and forever....  i think it was a shoe advert.... 
i would like my kids to grow up to be healthy and happy...thats all.  good fun. i love it when i can meet the people who made me a star. all were so beautiful...love to manchester  that it doesn't feel like a job.... 
have one big one on my neck...one on my thigh...and some small ones on my shoulder.  ok question answers for five minutes...or as long as the new coffee lasts...  i am me. 
eat lots of green chillies...  Made coffee for myself..added salt instead of sugar. Tasted like soup from Hell! A lesser man would get off coffee for ever...but i'm C.One  its been so long since i could differentiate between afternoon of one day from another. we don't get weekends off... 
i try to but now they r outpacing me...  as promised the full poem...please translate or see the trailer with these words...if u don't know hindi.   one thing led to another. long story...though i hear certain ppl still think i ma not an actor ha ha... 
i feel very proud of them. also the only tangible and material part of my stardom i feel very happy about.  Its so n?ce to be loved....?ts so much here ?n manchester that ? cant breathe cos of the hugs. Thank u so much all....love u.  i like london...its comfortable. but holiday is anywhere the kids are with me...even at home actually. 
will do the prayers with the kids.  Ok...rest of the poem translat?on ready....wa?t?ng to put ?t up on a p?cture.  there is no formula....kentucky fried chicken has a secret recipe formula...i still don't. 
shoulder is in pain...need treatment. rest is good.  havent started to bat also and u r mak?ng yrf team at jthj nervous...lets take each over at a t?me...test match style..ha ha  ok for no reason at all feel like being questioned. ask and u shall be confused with my replies...please don't ask the name of my next film 
yes i have when i went to shoot suraj hua madam....  shaandaar...jaandaar!!!kya baat ha? mere poet yaar...ha ha. Thanx...glad u l?ked ?t.  Have a persistent headache. Tried fresh air...water...food...bubbly tablets...music...sleep.Tomorrow will try getting out of bed feet first. 
tag heuer carrera  will write the full version of the poem as in the trailer,my feelings in english.uff too much work...but loved how u reacted last time to it  Coming to the end of a shooting makes me a little emptied. Another story told..another life lived...and the search for myself continues... 
u can...i will answer the ones i want to...ha ha.  wot d?d u do now???!!! All good bak home ?n ?nd?a??  Quaint town far from material noises.Quiet as falling snow.TV showing war injuries on mute.Reintroducing myself 2 Milan Kundera 
ok we can do some questions....shoot.  kahaan ho...m?lte h? nah?...all good w?th fam?ly??  Your innermost secrets u should confide to ur mother & ur fears to ur father. i have neither so i end up confiding it to my acting... 
just so u all know...Ishq Shava will come out tomorrow. Sorry about the delay...but was unavoidable.  ha?r ?s st?ck?ng out raaj...m?ss?ng u ?n manchester...love to u.  Mom said to only feel & say positive things. Your Farishtey (angels) are always listening & fulfill ur words. My Farishtey work overtime... 
...and thank u all for ur wishes for my family. its nice to know that so many think so well for me and my family. god bless urs too...  hope you all liked the trailer. i am still trying to see it on youtube...as i said technology is a humbler!! is that even a word?  Made mistakes,still continue to do so.A little madness.A bit of solitude.2 silly to realize its impossible & maybe thats y it gets achieved 
and u make me believe in the innocence of the world my girl...u r always awesome to experience. eat a bit more though...  p?cture abh? baak? ha? mere dost...ha ha...sabar karo...love to u.  20 uninterrupted yrs of serving. Not enuff talent or looks or game plan. thank u all. I guess i got lucky, lucky to be working all the time 
thanx for giving me an opportunity to know the world thru ur eyes and views...have a good life.  W?ll open up at 1 pm IST (?nd?an standard t?me). However geeky ? get...technology always k?cks me r?te between the eyes. Back to abacus..??  its so awesome how big they become...so fast. 
apologies for showing u my mean side once...hope u forgive. thanx for coming over...bless u.    Here you go… - The Trailer of “JAB TAK HAI JAAN”  - will be live at 1pm IST.    Your children r sons & daughters of life's longing (Gibran). My kids r still my toys but i have to accept they r now larger size toys.. 
fun it was...like old times...bless u...u have a fantastic set of boys and girls...  So much pressure....damn ma?l not com?ng thru. Need an ass?stant now!!! And ?ts cold here....1pm ?t w?ll be out.  ok all...have to head to work now...have to make ends meet...earn the bread...get the show on the road. love u all... 
u were really sweet to sit and listen to my ramblings...thanx.  Just landed....ad?tya says he w?ll send me l?nk ?n 15 m?ns...so guess the tra?ler ?s about to h?t the net. Lemme know ?f ?ts ok??  u can't impact the world...u just hope the world doesn't end up crushing u... 
thanx man...it was good of u to keep me company.  Ye bhi achha hai ki ab kehne ko kuchh bhi nahin....... Bewajah khamosh rehna, ye bhi koi baat hui....?.Dont analyse the poem... enjoy ?t.  heh heh...its a good evil... 
Sat w?th young & smart f?lmfare journal?sts & real?sed that ? enjoy most w?th ppl half my age. Go forth & do not construct...?nstead feel.  Wot sources r see?ng tra?ler & comment?ng.One day ? want to meet these sources.ha ha. Ok w?ll post the tra?ler l?nk tomorrow for all.Prom?se  patience.... 
thanx for be?ng there  ok now i will go...love u all  i think i am more amazed that ppl find critic meanings in my simple tweets... 
going now,,,just been told i have been on the twitter space for too long...get to work!!!  i have the same problem....sigh!!!  depends are u giving it or getting it.... 
if there is a movie...  not very good...but the day has just started...lets see....  gentleness....and strength. 
no i dont believe in the star system ironically..ha ha  i like ur name...rawan...  actually i started working in 1991 on the 26th of june in mumbai for hemaji's film. 
exactly as i spend the rest of the days of the week.  can't reply to all...but heres happiness for u.  love the robots and all the cool stuff in japan...i have been there once long time back...very courteous everyone. 
Yashji and me shared the common love and respect for women...thats why we were friends age notwithstanding.  aaaa gayaaaa....  Le Corbusiere.... 
its not about YOU eveytime...it could be about the OTHERS too sometimes....  absolutely and u deserve happiness in life.  thank u so much. its always nice to know ppl who wish well for my family... 
i dont like me...thats why i act to be someone else everyday...  the gentlest father in the world....thats wot my daughter thinks...and wisest...ha ha  no not at all.... 
obviously they r not friends if they bring about negativity...but i am not a good one for asking advice on friends.  all the best....wash away all the dirt of yesterday....  my kids say i am kind and gentle...and daughter said i say wise things sometimes....i think she was just being sweet. 
yes...champa!!  how old are u. if u love her and she loves u...go meet her parents and explain....  papa.... 
they all make me who aim...i will never disown any part of my life...ever.  better than wot????  thanx so much 
its very touching...i am happy i could be of use...  yes i believe thats the legacy i can give my kids...a good education...thats all. don't like illiterate people...  i pray...sit in silence for 30 seconds....connect spiritually with myself and walk onto the stage... 
depends the professional life u choose...  i do new silly things every day...but i think i will stop now....  i am fake in films...real in real life... 
most of these news people just want to send their views flying...without checking...like my tweet yesterday.  i hope i can make u all smile....thats all.  yes i did on my head...cant u make out i haven't recovered from that even now...ha ha. 
good u reminded me...have to play it soon...will do tonite.  ghalib....  96 years old...i guess. 
whoever told u i am strong emotionally doesnt know me well enough...  just love....dont want know clever conversation....(billy joel)  as soon as i stop being on fire.... 
i just try harder every time...thats all. dont know if i will get the chance everytime to do it again...so give it my best  ha ha....  i don't tell anything that is already not known about me.... 
yes i do...hate and love for the loved one...goes hand in hand.  wear a short skirt....and walk like u own the world.  its the best kind of criminal streak to have...but thank u...thats very kind. 
i want to keep making newer stuff...so hopefully i will...also depens on the film makers not me.  extremely unrestful....  i think spain and germany.... 
there is no finish line...hopefully.  don't be upset....  i am reading be the worst you can be...ha ha. 
when ppl r open to attempts with open eyes and more open hearts...  555 7888990033...this is her number...call her and ask...ha ha  off to shooting now. ok will do 10 questions...nothing better than to start the day by being questioned...yes we all have our quirks!! 
yes they do...but i have one farishts by my side always....at any time.  unfortunately i don't have a role in SOTY...but all those that have...have done a great job.  i believe everyone has a song which they think is about them. mine is jukebox hero by foreigner...tell me about yours.... 
i am not not kind of a doctor...i just have a doctorate...  people spoiling my relationships becos of their warped analysis....  Why no one told us that England has been shifted to southern hemisphere? Its summer is colder than the winters.sun unpredictable like my son 
not for this...but just never give up in life for anything...  yes farhan akhtar gave me lie to me to see....very cool.  All the best Team Teri Meri Kahani. Thanx so much for the invite but have shooting at nite so can't make it to premier. Looking awesome !! 
life changes everyday...every moment...it moves in one direction but ever changing...  if i answer this...some tabloid will take it out of context and dirty it....  All the best for TMK. Working so can't make it to Premier.Will catch it later if i can get tickets! It'll be huge InshaAllah 
all these r very personal feelings...  still waiting....ha ha  Now getting late for work so need to rush. Love wot Marilyn Monroe said about time....i have been on a calendar but never on time... 
yes i know the story...hope u enjoy it when u see it...though i can say its not the one doing the rounds...ha ha.  happy ganesh chaturthi to everyone....happiness and prosperity to all.  I'm never today sometimes yesterday sometimes the next day already.i am a time challenger moving along the trail of my dreams seen eyes open 
yes i know the story...hope u enjoy it when u see it...though i can say its not the one doing the rounds...ha ha.  a gust of wind....which pleasantly touches you and vanishes.  Just realized 20 yrs have vanished in a glance. Been only moving cos thats important...more important perhaps than knowing where to... 
u sound like the over reacting anchors on tv who think losing at a game is the end of the world.if u play u can lose too..  my father wrote on a piece of paper...look after your sister.  friends films releasing,gangs of wassipur & teri meri kahani.wish both films to entertain & make lots of people happy. both look awesome. 
i could do a fw question answers if u guys r game....just feel like talking.  Samar Anand  Hate putt?ng work msgs from al?en fones but no other go..join me on my radio show this wed 6-9pm live on with 
Think i should sleep....thank u all for ur kind words. Bless you all....  i would tell them to handle all my worries and go for a cycle ride...  If you cannot be a poet...be the poem. Basking in the sunshine made by my kids. Unconditional light and love.... 
Death leaves a heartache that on one can heal...love leaves a memory that no one steal. Finally Death laid Love to rest today.  ok some questions....then to life...  Learnt something new on sets today, that Frank Capra said many years ago. Drama is not when actors cry...drama is when the audience cries. 
4...and I will always be both emptied and replenished by the loved ones I lose. I keep u w?th me Yashj? and I m?ss u too Yashj?...lots.  Life is beautiful for it never takes away the people it pretends it does. It’s just a question of us calling its bluff.   Bright mornings best dealt with dark as nite coffee. As strong as the soul...as black as sin...unhealthy they say....i think its Vitamin C. 
3...with them onto the?r last journey , I have found a fragment of them left inside me too...I will always have some love to give....  Where shall I find you now- in which garden can we sit ?  saw on twitter its father's day...thot of my father with much sadness & my son with much happiness.guess being a father & son completes it.. 
2...that I will no longer have a bit of myself to let go of? And then the thought follows...that every time they have taken some of me.....  Where might you and I chat for a bit? some say,my tweets r too intense.so heres an easy one. Average age of living being 70yrs its 613,000 hours of life.enuff to have fun i think 
1. Whenever my loved ones depart...? feel a part of me extinguishes itself with them. Will there come a day.....  My fathers 'barsi' today.31 yrs without him  Deep honest thought from the great Tagore's poem..My virtue is the color of everyone else's sin. isn't that so true for all of us at times ? 
 ?s where Ishq Shava teaser ?s at. Just saw ?t myself...JTHJ reveal?ng ?tself part by part to me too...n?ce.  H? all look?ng forward to com?ng to MANCHESTER on 20TH Sept...,Come jo?n me at the DAVENPORT GREEN HALL.Keep ?t locked w?th Lockdown.  have to go now...... 
My ph?losophy ?s confus?ng cos ?t has no one gener?c mean?ng. Somet?mes dont understand ?t the second t?me myself cos ? have changed by then  ? have 4 dogs...my dvd collect?on ?s unquant?f?able..? have apple tv too..stubble takes a week..just have to br?ng the mus?c  celebrations don't increase regionalism... 
End of a bad day should be thought of as the end of the World. Leave ?t beh?nd & Renegot?ate ur Start?ng Pr?ce as u step ?nto the new day.  was nice to meet u too after such a long time my friend...good to see u doing well...happiness to u  next IPL... 
17 yrs of DDLJ.How the yrs have passed. At t?mes ? do look bak & feel glad ? d?d ?t my way & at t?mes look ahead to try & f?nd wot ?s my way  off to life now...bye all  yes 
Somet?mes ? get the same tweet many t?mes over.?t k?nda ?s overwhelm?ng but a tad ?nconven?ent.Be rest assured ? see all so no need for many  i see u...cloak not working....  ye lobo.... 
My love and wishes for SOTY.Insha Allah it will make everyone very happy.Best of luck to Karan & his wonderful newcomers...Varun,Sid &Aaliya  thanx  ha ha seene tak aa pahuncha hai....its a joke please. 
Been watching Newsroom the series.Strange times v live in..that i am liking a fictional account of newsmaking more than the real news itself  now not never....  finish ur test !!! stop wasting time... 
Late nite thought. Should sort out my room. Looked around.Seems sorted in a unique & non conformist way. Late nite second thot..leave it be.  i will be there...i love south africa  better than being any other kind of ...holic no?? 
going now...have a great day everyone.  soon...  THESAURUS MAXIMAS...gives word an alternative 
hate making social work into personal achievement proclamation...i do wot i feel for in Allah's name.  having a great cuppa tea....maybe thats why  hello israel... 
i danced till i was sweating...too much goodness and love there.  sorry my man...  smoking hot...ha ha!!! 
u have to do nothing...just love  listen to people and talk about what they know...  i have a phobia of phobias...shit scared to be scared... 
kabhi nahi...sabko mera hona chahiye..ha ha  thanx  being someone else is the best part about acting and then making it ur own. 
like i tackle while playing football...with my feet...ha ha  Sexy Rockstar King...ha ha....and very humble too...  quick 10 questions....have a meeting to attend..also those who get offended by humor..write a warning in ur questions..IAH ( i am humorless) 
dont explain...no need to. if we also join the bandwagon of explaining things...we have no life of our own.  absolutely...  they say u r wot u wear...but i wear different clothes everyday...except my jeans. so am i blue...rugged...torn...29 and hard to find ?? 
2 months hopefully....  please do i need one desperately....  Outs?de a castle...small town..black coffee..wh?sper?ng w?nd..feel l?ke the K?ng of ?nf?n?te spaces.  
dont worry...when i promote all say i overdo it...when i do they say i am not...dont worry...the film has its on life...  black and alone....  going to take a train ride...after years. there is a certain something in a train journey that nothing else compares to. 
tried my best ha ha  diptyque...EAU  zingagi mein toh sabhi pyaar kiya karte hain...main toh meri jaan, markrr bhi tumhein chahoonga.... 
love to u  ok.  memories of my mom cooking in a grimy kitchen as it rained outside, while mehdi hassan floated out of a Beltek 2 in 1. 
tried to  guess they have no taste....  send the ideas to jitesh i will follow them thru. i like ur madness on twitter...u r retarded man. have a good life. 
i dont...my people do...they are very hard working and sweet...karuna...pooja...vinita...and karim.  today is good???  my parental issues to be.....  
not in my hand...somebody has to decide to make it...  i am in december...  belief.faith.patience..love all work out positively eventually...but sometimes its just too cold outside for angels to fly. i like this song 
u can use it as much as u want my friend...its all very strangely put in the media...  gets done somehow....  time for answers now...so am off to bed. have a good life...khuda hafiz. 
right now only doing SAANSA TEST...no time for mensa...bad joke but i havent had my quota of coffee yet...  grit my teeth and keep quiet...becos when i am angry...u may not like it...  shukriya 
sorry had taken a coffee and biscuit break with daughter...now i am back...so shoot away  love u all in peru  u r a legend to start watching movies at the age of 3... 
a wonderful musician called Alex he is the long haired guy in the learning guitar video...forgot his twitter handle  i read them all....  i will see anything with the word knight in it... 
does it make a difference wot or how old i look like...as long as i make u feel love  best of luck  reads more like shikhar dhawan the cricketers name...no??? 
a big part of it is...i felt it when i did the song...very sufi too...  none on the cards just now....karan is making his awesome film...SOTY....wishing him all success.  bless u 
dont ask me about films and their shootings...i leave that to rumour mills now...i enjoy that.  don't eat ice cream...it hurts my teeth  buy a lottery ticket fast then.... 
yes the trimurti will come together soon..smile on one side...style on the other and me the sweet stud in the middle..ha ha.  its too big a decision to make via twitter...ask all around and make ur decision...  waiting for the bubbles.... 
there is a bit of challa in all of us...  i am not very good in the department of love...i just do it well in films....wait i guess...  sincerely even i wonder sometimes.... 
just to share the love ha ha...not rite now though...  insaha Allah...will come one day  i wouldn't have been interviewed if we hadn't won...so this will remain in the hypothetical zone... 
our film is self promoting becos of the love everyone has for it. dont know any travel plans rite now...  lots of love indonesia  i do everything with a sense of humor....seriously. 
r u mad...i can never teach big b or katrina how to dance...it was really cool though them joining in...too much fun.  can't say for aryan...i am available...  i think its one of the more difficult words to spell...and even more difficult word to know the meaning of. 
yes please abusing without a name and face is really small...not man enough. dont do it anywhere please....  big heart offers more surface area for cracks too...ha ha  its a lovely piece of art...right up there with gogh and matisse...but i hope its not me!!! 
pagalpan ki tarah...  i make all movies from the heart. there is no other concern when it releases....  hi cho... 
i will sue you..ha ha.i am trade marking everything..even the moles on my body. its lovely ur logo. make 1 for red chillies  none really...but i do a read a brief history of nearly everything often  way to my heart is certainly not through the stomach.... 
if u get first division in your graduation....ha ha  wish u had asked something today....  Allah does not lay conditions for being pleased with His children...He loves us all unconditionally. 
also watch the jiya re song here...i am told...  ok some question answers...till the cancer stick lasts...then want to get ready and face the world....  a question would be good if i missed the first one. 
Lets start the day with a thoughtful thought (uh?) My friend told me Alone is not a description of circumstance..its a condition. R u alone?  they r mostly the same moments...happy cos they happen so infrequently...sad becos they won't last....  i will wait till u fill in the blank... 
Rem?nds me of a yashj? f?lm hero?ne...ha ha.   will come insha allah  ha ha...u choose the grounds....we will throw the party. 
The first smile ? used to see was of Rav? dada who touched my face gently ?n the morn & h?d ?t from the glare of the world.La?d h?m to rest  happy girls day....may all girls be powerful and free...  depends if u have healthy teeth.... 
My friend, father figure & make up dada, Ravi Indulkar passed away today. Feel a part of my life has been extinguished. Miss u Dada...  Differences lead to bonds sometimes and sometimes to separation...either way u have to negotiate ur own path in the world.Happy negotiating.  will figure it out nd tell u... 
once i did think i can give some sort of logic to ques but now i feel most have a preconceived notion of wot their story is already  should sleep now. working on the picture to put up tomorrow for u all from jab tak hai jaan, tomorrow is a long day too...aaaahhhh...  kick off as in football....no!!! 
Hope for nothing that’s not already in you. Prayers done....parents seemed to sm?le and sa?d they w?ll take care of all. Son called wh?le ? was pray?ng...so had jo?nt prayers...  gotta have some good qualities too.... 
Each man in himself is everything.  W?th my parents....peace...love and so much wot we call sukoon. Theres no place ?'d rather be...  depending how far in the future r u asking.... 
ha ha ha...i am waiting for these idiotic stories too...its ridiculously comic and loser type  My cologne aromatic...expensive...but smelling daughters hair as she hugs.,.priceless!!  me too...me too.... 
stardom has never been the thing for me..acting and making movies is...so will act always...i hope.  so sorry not there.Too exc?ted for u and ur team. W?ll come ?n a day or two w?th a coffee mach?ne for the off?ce. Lov u  hopefully in bed...sleeping. 
i think on the 4th of novemeber.  thanx that's kind....  diptyque... 
it was really nice...especially saif and kareena show me such love and regard. too much fun..bless them both  Dad taught me that always wake up others,if u have to, with gentleness....and hope u r woken up the same. Then get into comfortable shoes...  reply to questions..... 
with salt and pepper or just raw...??  oh extremely late at nite...or too early in the morning. eyelids heavy with days hardness...need to get into gentleness of sleep.goodnite  it better not i have a day off on that date. 
they r both very good actors and extremely hard working.  may Allah rest his soul in peace....  it better not i have a day off on that date. 
each song has its own way of guiding actor...the emotions flow as the music of the song...at least for the facial expressions  nobody can handle anything about me...or my stuff.  by keeping them at my legs and not letting them come up any further.... 
hello have a good life.  The only thing that remains constant for me is the opportunity to work harder than last time...the rest is ever changing for better or worse  u don't learn...u r just stuck!!! 
am so glad u like it so much. thanx.  ok now i have to go and do some sunday kind of work....was fun being here.  by positively shutting myself away.... 
Sa?f & Kareena d?nner rushed after f?n?sh?ng kbc. Wot a lovely couple...w?sh them only happ?ness. Thanx for the warmth, lov & danc?ng.  love u too  ha ha ha ho ho ho ho hee hee hee...does that answer ur question otherwise i can try a different happy laughter.... 
all the best...he w?ll rock and roll!!!  very nice...thank u....  why do u ask ??? r u giving away some unused ones....??? 
Too much fun on kbc...thanx sony and babu and of course the one and only mr. Bachhan.  i do care....but can't reply to all....  i guess the capacity is more than many think.... 
"Be glad to be who u cannot resist being, you will still have the vast sky to cover you, and the earth, green or dry, whatever the season"  use this one to write on....   they took my license away for wearing a pink shirt on a macho bike...so no bike rides for me anymore..ha ha 
Happ?est marr?age bond to my fr?end Sa?f & Kareena. May Allah keep ur fam?ly healthy & happy. Just saw ?t ?s reg?stered,sealed & del?vered.  the words on the first pic in the series is from rumi....not mine. so u don't need to be original either....  don't listen to songs.... 
need to take a bath now....see u all later. bye  am not bad without a beard either...no??? ha ha...at least my daughter feels that.  tweeting has nothing to do with acting....otherwise there would be a lot more actors...no?? 
love to u  will put a series of pictures from jab tak hai jaan & the feeling they invoke in me. u all also write back, if u feel anything romantic...  wasn't there... 
blue jeans...white t shirt and my pacioti sneakers    do it softly with my words.... 
dont believe wot ppl say about my price etc..u get married and we will discuss my appearance then....shaadi toh kar!!  Wot a lovely nite. With Karuna & her family...she makes sure I do all that is good for me.Jackie dada & Danny sahib. Felt so much love.thanx  hope i don't get a PIL lodged for expressing happiness this time.... 
saw them...very cool. thanx  do it.....!!!!  they r in the manufacturing stage right now....still not got into the assembly line mode so it takes time... 
yes...its coming now...  Sorry had to rush....the water in the tub was turning cold.,.later...love u all  i follow the freedom of expression maxim....if i don't feel like expressing i don't...when i do..i act. 
i keep note of all that ppl say and write and wait till i meet them...the wrath of khan...ha ha  still not an outdoor person....but it was lovely to have been in kashmir.  have not much to feel proud about. i just act a bit...dance a little....and u guys have done the rest. u should be not humble 
and why would i do that...ha ha  biology....  the answer is 43267700 anyway...or yes in case u can't think of two questions. 
with patience and ignoring moronic point of views...  sorry...working on the left ear...will soon lend it to you my friend...nobles and countrymen.  i never make plans....never on schedule always on time...thats how it goes for me. 
seriously....???  ha ha....reminds me of a dialogue from rangeela...akha mumbai main world famous hoon mai...ha ha.  answering ur question...!!! 
insha Allah i pray u buy a fleet of new cars as u grow in life.  manchester united...  10 questions...shoot....i am in an answer back state of mind. 
yes i think so too...the songs have an amazing charm to them...quiet and lovable.  if you have to ask...its not important. call me by any name...i will still smell as good....  charming book 'kamchatka' says...in the end we always become what we were. all of u think wot u were & r u becoming that all over again... 
u sound like my manager...when i do a film it will be known...please tabloids dont keep my dates...dont go by them  haven't yet but will see it soon.The best to ranbir, illeana & to one of my favorite directors...anurag basu  i like to believe i keep up odd hours just in case some good idea happens to pass by. This way i don't get worried i have an unhealthy habit 
not easy to reply to everyone...  somehow a bit releaved....and kind of ready to be happyish...  An actor should have a secret pact with Acting. As soon as u say ur lines...she should lend u her expressions & u hope they r the rite ones 
was in my wife's car...not mine.  Peter Seller...Michel j fox...al pacina...johnny depp...de niro....marlon brando....and lots more....jim carrey  woke up in a frenzy of lethargy. wish from here on the day passes even more lazily. want to work out in a meditative telekinesis mode. 
i think we did about 37 languages or around that number...wow  i had such a lovely time in egypt. would love to be there once again...till then...love to all there.  on a reading spree..Martial writes : 
i a glad u like it...i love the song...  have vegetariam chicken...!! i have no clue of veg food...sorry.   Only the dead do honors gain,
welcome to the world of the prince of darkness...ha ha.  Arre picture shuru ton hone doh....information & casting of a film...always the directors decision to unveil.   I prefer to carry on
yes i always say...it is not special to be special...it is special to be ordinary...  lets do some question answers....have TIME to KILL...feeling murderous today so will go for it.   Alive and without acclaim 
Extremely sad how we have lost at CLT 20. We should have played better....next t?me boys...  Will be in a bathtub again for a shoot for Lux. This time though no beautiful ladies with me...maybe will just ask for a rubber duck...ha ha  My tough fr?end Jay who saw the 5 years thru w?th a sm?le...and Juh? who d?dnt stop pray?ng..ever.  
go my man...go!!     
have to go now...love u all. bye.  that's extremely sweet...never saw romance in that way..ha ha.  my lil girl took this pic of mine. i think its the coolest i have ever looked. thanx suhana...my official fotographer  
ha ha...does that need an answer.   had fallen in lov with my beard.But it started to scratch ....so ripped it out & had to let it go.that hurts too...  Missing my lil boy and girl....they have such small lovely hands....and such large beautiful hearts. 
he is an awesome player...he will come good soon...very soon.  tum aa gaye ho...noor aa gaya hai....chalo ab teenon chalke picture dekhte hain. its a delhi childhood joke....  A boy is Truth with dirt on its face,Beauty with its finger cut,Wisdom with bubble gum in its hair &Hope of future with a frog in its pocket 
no i am not in it...  After months have worked late on a f?lm.The darkness of the n?te helps me feel closer to the s?lver of the screen. D?re Stra?ts ?n the car  E.e.Cummins: May came home with a smooth round stone,as small as a world as large as alone. Favourite poem...all lil girls should read it 
i get confused...so many say i dont look young too...i am just me thats all.  all the best my fr?end. Have a good one...?ts a r?de produc?ng f?lms...a fun fearful and fantast?c r?de. Bless u.  Look up at the sky...see how big it is. Life is like the sky..it's big..there's no time for smallness of small people only for birds to soar 
i was told...write ur own story for life...so i try and do that as much as i can...though i did one remake yrs back  ok i should sleep now....have to get my sleep cycle back...have to start working out...and of course some shootings thrown in too. goodnite  too many....brazil would be bankrupt if I didnt drink the coffee I do. 
and nobody can do it better than daniel for sure...he is awesome.  will do...need to party with u and abhishek....  work is not acting...acting is life. 
have no idea...a few days i think  just love me...publicists...managers....assistants...they just do a job....ur attachment is unconditional.  just romancing in London...romancing doesn't need a leading lady...I romance films. 
never...like to drink the whole cup myself..ha ha  overwhelming the translations. hope all of them were the poem that i saw. i would have put in random stuff for fun...oops am i giving ideas?  no babysitting on that day.... 
love it...!!!  thanx my friend. hope you r well in chicago...go easy on the food...we need to see your super body...think of u a lot. bless u.  always....love Eden garden 
some idiots seem to claim that cos they have nothing better to do...cynic types i think.  sorry guys and girls...battery on laptop waning....need to recharge. meanwhile i should do some work too...love u all. later...  anything movie related has to be addressed to the producers... 
have no idea where tabloids keep coming up with these stories  i will rest...when i die...thats wot i believe. though lately i do take some time off...  Ok ten questions....then to work 
son is getting it for me...will do soon. have some actor friends who have challenged me...ha ha  i fall in love with the characters of the film as a character that i play. personally i have really warm relationships with most  There r things known & there r things unknown & in between r the doors :Morrison. Which means I am up early & have no work so philosophizing 
yes going for it tomorrow...looking forward to it...  because everyone thinks i am self centered...so i have decided there will be nothing above 'i'...ha ha  Today I woke up with voices in my head....and all of them were saying go back to bed. Onwards to work...the day beckons. 
dont understand ur question....  its a woman's right to be on twitter with me...ha ha.  We all worry about...after v r born & before v die...the poor chicken has to worry before it is born & post dying..& v think life sucks. 
i am not in goa on that day...???  i think at times...its just hard being who you are...famous or not.  it wil be The Tweek in honor of twitter. You will be master of Zenday. Dabboo to make cal with 7 pics that signify each day.. 
yes awesome...  don't know...there is no work on the anvil right now.  .....and thanx for making me a millionaire twice over.... 
all those who smile at me...have the best smile...  chicken sandwich....  I think our week should be named thus & v choose the day we want to lead.Funday..Runday...Someday..Oneday...Noneday..Zenday....Doneday. 
have no earth shaking... sound barrier breaking 140 letters thought. so best is to do answers to questions...shoot  thats my excuse for romancing them together nincompoop...dont take that away...do the math now.  Funday for fun.Runday for errands. Someday for dreaming.Oneday for targets.Noneday for nothing.Zenday for meditating. Done day for DilligaF! 
all the best team kkr. all of you too have a goodnite or day as the case maybe. The eyes r beginning to get the bedroom look...need to sleep  not yet...have a fotoshoot with it...will get rid of it soon...i can see animals coming to stay in it now....  may Allah bless you.....be well 
5. If you decide to start dancing on street, everyone you meet will know the step!  favourites dont change like seasons....i invariably enjoy working with most...but meet very few beyond film time.  He who has to leap high....must take a long run....run hard and happy my friend..all the best with the awesome film u r making 
4. A police can solve a case only when he is suspended from duty..!!  its fantastic to feel lonely at times....wot the hell!!  Cycling in the park...sitting on a log...spotting birds...dropping hot chocolate...cold red noses...I love lil girls.  
3. A hero will show no pain while getting beaten up but will show pain when a woman is trying to clean his wound..!!  no just my dreams....  get her a bag.... 
2. While defusing a bomb, don't worry which wire to cut, you will always choose the right one!!  all of them....they all have a story to tell  I did as u said sir..asked if the water has entered. Am in London...want to come and see u when I am back...feel like. Be well. 
Just read this on the net. 5 things that indian movies have taught us. i am extremely unkempt and unruly....  Family in London....had a lovely hand holding day with my beautiful daughter. Somehow the little hand holds my heart and warms it... 
 1. At least one of the identical twins born is evil..!!  its the greatest high i feel....  I miss being a baby..cos sometimes as an adult one feels one is just repeating trivial maintenance duties instead of discovering new things 
At a ra?lway stat?on. A thot for all young lovers date. Play act runn?ng away w?th ur loved one,hold?ng noth?ng else but ur beloved's hand  question answers anyone....  They say sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence.To me the most vivid & dependable has to be Rahul Dravid. 
long drive to work..will listen to challa &learn the words. maybe watch a movie or write my book.i make all these plans end up doing neither  Think i should sleep now. tomorrow...we will meet up again. this was fun....bless you all  Promises r just our need to control the future & to diminish the risks of life's erraticism somehow.u can't bind the future, live fearlessly 
Dont remember when was the last time i had a sunday off...my line of work is really a 9 day week...and i am happy its like that.  Send me translations in your language and i will retweet it for others to read...aditya chopra's verses of love.  today...awomen to that!! 
Shooting..meetings..flew to Rajiv bajaj dinner in Pune, bak for zoya akhtar birthday...shooting early morn, & kkr lost. How was ur weekend?  a lil prosey...or is it prosy...??? whichever i hope u get the drift...   and to those too who didn't do anything....just were and are women. Thanks for making a better world and better men out of us. 
Saw 5 m?ns of k?ddy v?deos of yrs ago...there should be a law aga?nst k?ds grow?ng up so fast. My l?l n?nja & japanese doll. I want...  my first attempt at translation....second to follow....if you guys can...try a version please.   Take ur mind out....dance a bit on it....make it less rigid. Put something silly out in the world, we have enuff ppl making life too serious 
sorry have to go for work. have a good day everyone.  The essence of Power ?s the ab?l?ty NOT to use ?t. Damn!!.long dr?ves and traff?c make me contemplat?ve. Hmmm...  all the best sujoy and the team of kahaani. Korbo...lorbo....jeetbo.....inshallah allah 
am working but my wishes are with the team. insha Allah for later matches i will be there.  Will do my own english translation of the poem & update. Am glad most liked the title...i am getting used to it myself...Jab Tak Hai JAAN..  very nice... 
kkr has an extremely balanced team and desire to win...gautam is a great leader...so seems all good.  Been a Sudir Dar cartoons fan growing up. Most of his comments, helped me get a perspective on life. Saw him on tv,wot an elegant gentleman.  Even when my babies win a prize at a b'day party, my chest swells with pride. Today my baby got a National Award (v f/x). I lov u Ra.One 
all films have their own life and times in terms of promotions...  DDLJ w?ll always be spec?al. Had many personal ?ssues happen?ng dur?ng shoot. But so many warm fr?ends helped deal w?th them. Warm memor?es.  well done....keep going strong my man. 
different films...different genres...cannot compare any of them by one standard  Tomorrow...the t?tle of yashj?'s f?lm w?ll be released. Would tell u now...but w?ll have to k?dnap u all and keep u t?ed down..ha ha  the most beautiful part of a picture is it's frame....as long as u r framing it my friend I don't need to check the picture. 
hardly...i am a slave to work...nothing else...  gotta go....cant make time wait so much...love u all.  To vacillate or not to vacillate....that is the question....or is it? Saw it on a pendulum in a shop. The wisdom of toys is unmatchable... 
no no plans for it just now. it requires a lot of work...  sleep behind them without letting anyone know....  Ok guys and girls...over and out. Love to u all and always be happy 
we can do a few questions....  you are too young...no??  cos I am no longer a student...I am more the teacher now.... 
They r showing replays of semi finals ipl....adrenalin at a high...wot a moment it was...I want to be at the matches at clt soon insha Allah  all the best  ....like a rose...by any name...I remain the same.... 
Looking forward to working today...feel some good things will happen....just.  sleep a little more...always wanted to go to jupiter....  thanx it is very nice 
Excited champions league starts tomorrow. Something to look forward on tv...besides political issue debates on same things by same ppl.  they are lifelong buddies....cant be without each other.  I can't reply to everyone....hi 
have to rush to work now...otherwise will miss my train...!!  try again....or get a girlfriend that looks like me...eeesshhh!!!  salamat datang 
fair and handsome ka kamaal hai...ha ha  all the happiness of the world to both of you...  i plan even less..... 
too much fun...especially dancing with jaya aunty...she can move when she wants to...wow.  for dates you have to ask my manager...  I think we all grow up so should u and stop being judgmental. We decided that yesterday, just thots between us...nothing more 
i feel very touched when somebody serves me food...i find that a very loving gesture.  no...thankx.  my biggest weakness is I don't get angry...oh ok sometimes I do....but not at kids.... 
yes a lot...love the leading lady in it. was introduced to the series by my daughter  am i gentle and well mannered now...???  my mentor...teacher and friend...I miss him....will call him soon. 
no...i am most happy being famous....almost famous  i guess the star cast...no???  putting fire to myself in koyla..... 
never had enuff money to buy my dad a gift. if he was alive i would give him my kids...the most precious gift.  ok question and answers but...i am cranky so be easy on yourselves with the questions...ha ha.  ha ha boys don't cry....or do they? 
i am fighter. i believe in the eye for an eye business. i am no cheek turner.You kill my dog u better hide ur cat. Muhammad Ali.  ooohhh woke up with a headache. Like a hangover and the naked chinese guy is trying to jump out of my nose...  it won't last forever....just bear it a little longer than u think u can...life turns around for better eventually.... 
i am shy of girls period....  All ye restless souls awake at this hour...send me hugs...lots of them. Will return them twice over when u need them bak...aaahhhhh!!  it's called "...when u finally come knocking.... 
only the telephone booth was left...and i conquered that too...ha ha  Ok all ye souls that lie awake at this hour...send me hugs....lots of them. I will send them back when u need them, twice over...aaahhhhh!  here's to jealousy 
yes it does grow on u...takes over slowly...like love itself.  Sitting alone at a small train station. Realised v all want sumthing from each other...a hug..a caring word except my kids who just want me.  the knowledge deep down that all is transient....my stardom is not my lifelong friend...I am my lifelong friend. 
i dont make movies to kill ppl...i make movies to love ppl and hope they have a smile on their faces with the experience  kids advice go on...suggest 
i dont know if its the most or not...but i feel its extremely sensual and romantic...  Whenever u r unhappy..be a glow worm I am me...when I am alone...other times I am always acting I feel.... 
i know who i am becos i know how to love...not just myself & my own...but all that is life & all that cannot be measured by material means.  For a glow worm's never glum my children and their stories.... 
Danced w?th am?tj? & jaya aunty to all the songs ? have grown up l?sten?ng. Too much fun. Thanx abh?shek,a?shwarya & aaradhya for the warmth  'Cos how can you be grumpy all my co actresses have been wonderful...so r Katrina and anushka for this film...hardworking...honest and humble. 
cont?nue w?th the good form my man...have a good one.  When the sun shines out your bum!  I will be thrilled.... 
have u worked on it...write a jab tak hai jaan title on it if u can....come on  khali hai abhi jaam,mai kuch soch raha hoon.Aaye gardishe ayyam,main kuch soch raha hoon.Saaqi,saagar ko zara thaam, mai kuch soch raha hoon  one day...someday.... 
Hello u were supposed to upload the picture from jthj that i gave u...where is it?? u r even more disorganised than i am. DO IT  From my official urdu poetry supplier khali hai abhi jaam, main kuch soch raha hoon.Will continue in next tweet.thanx anubhav  awesome director and a gentleman... 
whichever expression of love works for u...cant breathe till u see ur lover...or love ur lover till ur last breath....  Best weekend of my life. Train ride...kfc...movie....silly jokes. wow life is full of wonderful times....  when not shooting am mostly with kids answering their questions or with adults dealing with their queries... 
overslept today...must be the aftermath of workout or just plain lazy. too much work yesterday. lets see if i can beat the day today...  have to go now....before i spend the whole sunshine indoors. love u...  Ten questions....then I want to stare at my window pane and write a chapter for my never ending book.... 
 is where the saans song is i am told.  buy a nespresso machine...coffee comes with it.  get well soon...may Allah bless u...may Allah bless all of us... 
am well hope shows r rock?ng. I have ur PS3 ready...lemme kno?w when u r back.  soulful like yashji's film itself.  Went to a link one of u had sent.Old interview (3yrs in industry). Wot I say hasn't changed. Does that make one consistent or unimaginative! 
Explain to the breathlessness of love..deeper meaning of saans the song. He thot it was for mouth to mouth resuscitation ha ha.  you are da man...go yuvi...love u.  Raindrops on my window pane....missing family. Happy wife & babies will be in london soon. The heart needs some warmth  
Forcing myself from my easy chair & inane carpet cleaner commercial on tv to go & work out.Carpets will have to remain unclean as i get lean  tumhare jaise logon ka bachpana....!!  At the railway station that I was shooting ...awesome statue. Somewhere between thought and expression lies a lifetime  
Cos ? am plann?ng to watch loads of mov?es for the next two months...? want suggest?ons sent...but good engl?sh f?lms...h?nd? ones ? know..  it must be the Kashmir weather....they all r so handsome there...!!  Want to say can v just be,u and me. No asking for info,no expectations, no judgements no clarifications just unconditional random thots & us 
Meet?ngs and meet?ngs...but good most of them w?th fr?ends. Just f?n?shed w?th Farah and now w?th R?tesh...so not so workl?ke.  kike they write on cartons....This way Up!!!  After much work, a lazier day. Want to just stand & stare. One of those days when u r so broke (in a good way) u can't even pay attention... 
Guys and g?rls thanx for all the b?rthday w?shes...w?ll convey them to gaur? on ur behalf. Blesss u all....  i think 6.25 am...thats the only time i came for work early...  Sometimes u win...sometimes u lose and sometimes....it rains. 
Watch?ng a horror f?lm w?th daughter...she ?snt scared...? am scared for her...or am ? just scared myself?? E?ther way...scared!!  i walked into the bathroom for a bath and felt someone else is there already. the beard took a lil while to get used to..ha ha  The greatest expression of love...in today's age is the sound of the telephone message beeps from someone u love...wot say youngsters? 
going now...love u all. have a good day...i plan to have one...  i walked into the bathroom for a bath and felt someone else is there already. the beard took a lil while to get used to..ha ha  i am gone now....have work to do and feelings to expose....thanx all. sorry those who didn't get a reply....love u. 
i have a soft corner for girls...  in happiness mode...lets do a few quick questions....  cos i am an actor by profession...its like asking me why i am not an astronaut??? 
i can't tell myself...wot to tell others...  Feel elated today because my own seem happy& thrilled. Uncluttered, unbiased, unconditional. Lil boy & girl give Big Happinesses.  step back...let the moment pass...keep quiet and strengthen urself....silently 
i want to but my kids don't like it...though i am a lil anti piercing etc myself too  Our worst misfortunes never happen. The misery lies in the anticipation....as people on the twitter say...True that, right??  ok. 
send her to the zoo for a day...or threaten her with a dog...ha ha  Just to let u all know that ? read all u wr?te. Never told u all before...? feel u all f?ll ?n a vo?d of pos?t?v?ty ? somet?mes lack. Thanx.  i keep trying... 
no its the done i use...as simple as that. take me at face value please...  Bags r be?ng packed...and suddenly saw a su?t of m?ne look?ng so forlorn and lost...unl?ke ppl clothes l?ke be?ng used. So su?t ?t ?s...  love u saloni 
ms bala  This has been good. Now back to life & reality. Visit to Dal lake and then mumbai bound. So much can happen in such few days.i go back happy  bro 
only challa...ha ha  Feeling bad, leaving Kashmir soon.Helped me clear doubts,see beauty & made me happy. Enriched emotionally.Thank Almighty for sending me here  be well 
yes all of them...  10."Make 5 p?eces of work (f?lms ?n my case) u w?ll be remembered for...and learn one song to play on the gu?tar."  fell into an open iron gate while playing with my friends when i was a kid...hop scotch and jump...can u imagine?? 
thank u so much for ur wishes for the family  9."As soon we attract enuff attent?on ?n the world to play a part ?n ?t, we r set roll?ng l?ke a ball wh?ch w?ll never aga?n be at rest."  have a good life 
its great fun...he is a gentleman and a damn good technician.  8."Becos u only see 'beware of dog' s?gns & never a 'N?ce Dog' s?gn outs?de r?ch ppls houses...does not mean dogs r not n?ce. They are."  no name yet of yrf film... 
starting today....  7."At ur daughters dance show, u w?ll m?ss half her performance cos u w?ll m?stake sum other l?l g?rl onstage for ur daughter & look at her"  i am doing chennai express....!!! 
u should!! thanx..ha ha  6."Its adv?sable to p?ck ur fr?ends...ur profess?on...ur cho?ces...but just dont p?ck ur nose...ever"  will come been a long time since i went to indonesia... 
nokia lumia 900....  5. "Once ?n a wh?le look up at the sky and say a thanx for the moon...the sun...the stars and the satell?tes...for the connect?v?ty"  i read it and feel it... 
bless u  "G?rls, men who use Emot?cons ?n the?r msgs r extremely 'cute' and extremely avo?dable...they r EMOt?onally CONfused"  yes i love delh...my parents are there... 
u r like my daughter she gets like this too...dont work u did excellent  3. "Women do come w?th ?nstruct?ons....all u need to do ?s ask them and more ?mportantly HEAR them."  think of being a much bigger star...the sky is not the limit... 
nameless faceless ppl...like even on twitter...write and speak behind my bak...if they had guts they would tell me who they r  2. "The only person who can get all h?s work done by Fr?day ?s Rob?nson Crusoe...the rest cant so dont be hard on urself. Enjoy the weekend"  why you want to try your hand at teaching...??? 
nobody...nobody gets angry at me on the sets...ever...  On Teachers day...let me g?ve u ten s?lly teach?ngs. Warn?ng..these r ?n jest. "The fewer the facts u have..the stronger w?ll be ur op?n?on"  love it 
i can't be the one taking the chances all the time...animation can be done by others...  Having Kashmiri food in Gulmarg.Gushtabha...Nadroo..and tom is Wazwan. Whole unit here. Kinda the last days of shoot..so a theatre like feel  to all the hugging...kissing...marrying...loving dimples queries...thanx i love u too. can't answer singularly... 
how can i tell u wot to ask...it will lose the purpose of a q & a  as ju?ced up as the electr?c cha?r,as cold as the hangman's stare.? am rhym?ng w?th freshness. All good on the western front?  rumi today.... 
let me reiterate i cannot reply to everyone. its difficult so please all don't take it personally.  Took a ?ce cold shower d?dnt know how to work the geyser. My ?nnards r shaken but pos?t?ve ?s ? am as fresh as a lark...pengu?n maybe?Brrrr  billy joel 
4.30 pm ist...the song will be launched.  I am stay?ng ?n the room where 'hum tum ek kamre me?n bandh ho' was shot ?n Bobby. Feels sweet...now just to try and lose the keys...ha ha.  i want her to be an actor...whichever medium she chooses... 
yes i will convey all the wishes to her. thank u everyone for the kindness. bless u all.  Our loyalt?es should be to our emot?ons not to ourselves. When the oppos?te happens we become that much more of surv?vors than al?ve.  genius makes u successful only if genius is prolific 
i want to...will bring my kids along.  Leav?ng Pahalgham.Learnt l?fes lesson ?n my forefathers land.Only beauty ?s not enuff u gotta be tough too to surv?ve.I w?ll be Insha Allah  insha allah 
i want to...will bring my kids along.  "It was then ? felt the stranger k?ck me r?ght between the eyes"...B?lly Joel....late last n?te ?n Pehalgham. No b?zness l?ke showb?zness...  hi 
yes it will doing a conference via Skype with katrina to launch it...these long distance busy co actors...ha ha.  u r the wr?ter my med?a moghul manboy...  5 hrs 
ha ha everybody is a film maker nowadays...will keep it in mind sir/ma'm  Sorry Blue moon was last nite, tweet got stuck in transit. Anyway see the moon tonite, at best it will make u a lover, a lunatic or a poet..  cinnamon 
have a great life...  A strange sense of detachment prevails...as if i have learnt in my dream, that when u don't want things so badly...life comes to you....  congrtulations 
I was so anti doing love stories cos i thought i am not good with them.I remember Yashji tell me, till u lov,nobody will love u bak.so true  Full Blue Moon tonite. Some say it makes u sad or a lunatic. Tonite i will cherish moments that happened to me once in a blue moon...  love u 
Well done Nar?ne &good to see u dance Gayle. Been watch?ng match and do?ng make up for my daughter. She looks d?v?ne. One d?mple me..ha ha.  meant other peoples stories....this spell check is getting way ahead of it self....  i think peace of mind.... 
Hav?ng to expla?n a joke now! B?ology ?ncludes know?ng body parts so ?n a nughty way hope school taught me the r?te th?ngs..w?nk w?nk..ha ha  i still listen to other pals stories and then make them into movies...does it mean i am still an agony uncle...???  when u have the love of so many...u don't need to love urself... 
I was a champ at Electronics in school.In the real world can't find volume control on the remote.Better brush up on biology...wot say?  phone bak on silent...beard dyed...teeth brushed...feel like a million bucks, but if i don't rush for shoot won't get my 100 bucks per dium.  the one i am shooting today...really nice song. 
i went to see taj mahal with my first earnings...drank some awful pink lassi and threw up!!  Slept for !0 hours after a long time. God i feel rested...even my beard seems fresh....  the long dark tea time of the soul... 
bless u  After years of keeping it silent...yesterday i put a ring on my phone. Does it mean now we have a serious relationship...??  its nice as it is...its the ppl outside bollywood who make it seem like it should change...NO NEED. 
yes in december...  Oh to sleep now....how i hate these little slices of death. Its a quote i read somewhere. One third of life wasted in darkness....  born wetty...growing up witty...my fathers influence...he use to speak very well. 
yes...liked his rum diaries...saw it a few days back  at the shoot...   do well... 
saana will be on the 9th...will launch it by evening.  if u get a time machine let me know it crossed your heart not how many rupees...for that we have distributors.  oops sorry... 
no i can't handle that much sexiness...will stick to 6...  oooohhhhhhhhh i got scared...!!!!  i work with directors and they cast the ladies with me...have had the nicest creatively happy moments with juhi and kajol. 
nobody can stop rumors...so why even try. let them live their lives vicariously...all will be there when the movie releases.  genuinely don't have a name...but we have the substance all there.  when i wish to be lonelier...direction is a lonely job... 
but six pack feels very cool....like little speed breakers when u touch ur stomach...  wear a black dress..  just not knowing that there is so much to know...the innocent ignorance of childhood. 
yes u should ha ha...  if he wants he will join like himself...why should he join like me....or anybody.  ok ask me questions...will try and reply...i have sometime before the shoot. 
was watching tv & somebody said shah rukhwala six pack...i like. will now get back to work outs again. will get get mine which belongs to me  omelette  today feels like an 'abridged dictionary day'...i know there is word to describe it but i can't find it. a defineless day! Noneday..maybe. 
Makkhi (eega) the fly. Awesomely original & fun film by Rajamouli releasing on 12th oct. must watch with kids.all the best raja&team.  i will give u suggestions...lemme know boy or girl.  Don't ever reflect upon the end...u will be confused and lose ur mind...Rumi. Early morning dose of philosophy with a cup of black coffee... 
By the way the next song u w?ll see from JTHJ ?s wot we breath tak?ngly call 'SAANS'...the breath of love. ISHQ SHAVA later...  will do someday...when work brings me there  Was so nice to see sunny singh so simply say how as he scored goals...all kept sayin yo yo sunny Singh..I feel like playing hockey just now! 
The worst infliction of human kind is 2 believe oneself at the centre of the universe forgett?ng v r just a part of a relentless progress?on  u r wrong...   from the sets...obviously I have precious lil to do. Self portrait in reflection...sounds pseudo enuff? 
bye now...questions are becoming same...bless u all. have a good day and life...  extremely loved....and important if i may say so.  Late for work..was reflecting humans r the only species which shave & get late for work..none other do..truth b told a gorilla needs it more 
yes i did and met all my wonderful teachers who prepared me for the film world...  best of luck  wot is the headlines tonite...apart fro cricket being affected by adverts and ipl ha ha ha... 
its the same thing...  hi everyone in nepal  QED is an abbreviation for a Latin term which means wot needed to be proved or demonstrated has been shown....or simply put...there got it! 
hiya granny...love u.  salaam to all of u.  My information highway sucks ...tabloids write sum crap...tv channels ticker tape it...twitter reports it to me...I get to know shit! Q.E.D. 
the murder of roger aykroyd...was a long time ago...hope i got the title right.  never...i will look funny in tights....  Saddened at the demise of great movie plot lines. Wotever happened to car chases...macho one liners & sharon stone crossing her legs? 
this kind of curiosity killed the cat baby...  rome and movies are not made in one day....takes a bit of time...alas!!  i read somewhere...i went searching for truth and found facts instead. Happens to all of us..its hugely annoying and very inconvenient.. 
king of pain...  before we hit 90....heres a reply  Late work call. In bed doing nothing...nada...nought. Work has a future pay off...laziness pays off now! Eternal nothingness for half hour.. 
thats deep...happy friendship day...  life is wort much more...  Heard the neha kakkar song just now. Very sweet and the effort put in it....thanx. I feel shy with the love given to me.... 
or there is an outside chance...i could be educated. did that thought cross ur mind?  nice u remember her.  On a simpler note...played on the ps Vita last nite...reminded me of a rattle in the hands of a baby. Yippee...How will I ever mature ? 
nobody can beat dads...they r the best looking and feeling guys...say hi to yours.  gentleness and kindness....and a sense of humor.  Abandon righteousness to be right. Stop collecting indistinctions of rights..wrongs..good..bad...judgements all...instead be distinctly You! 
go charge...!!  sorry i miss the questions sometimes.  On a lighter note realized u can't wear warmers if u want to do romantic scenes...they come in the way of ur coolness...or is it just me??? 
thanx  i am an ordinary man doing his job. like i said...i want to be the light for my loved ones...stars fade away...light doesn't.  As media ppl v work for Public Opinion cos they employ us at large. But Published Opinion is being confused with Public Opinion lately...no? 
even if i am on a drip....absolutely.  yes....i agree...ha ha.  Ok off to work...aaaah...but before that breakfast which normally I don't do..of toast and sunny side up eggs...for me it's a delicacy!! 
nothing else...  absolutely...he is kkr.  Art film like photo I did while waiting...actually the lite was low so just trying to impress u all in the name of art  
sneakers...  no  happy b day to the pretty lil one... 
yes nowadays i don't talk to too many ppl in real life....  don't hold me responsible for other peoples decision...u decide...u do...ur life.  To London..had such a lovely conversation with my son & parrot.Miss my lil ones maybe should get them to work for me oops child labour sorry 
would love to hug my babies and snuggle into their necks...if i didn't have work...  give her my love...tell her i liked it.  Getting ready for a new journey...new film...old beautiful team at yrf. Let's see wot roads we travel this time...and where we will reach.. 
a prayer or asking from the Almighty.  Geological and chemistry questions together...get confused my man....  Feeling powerful today...unreasonably do. 
most ppl don't think i am humble. actually we mistake activity for achievements...i feel i haven't had any big achievement.  jaa apni ladki pata le beta....  thanx for putting up this pic of my lil girl winning her award. Makes me so proud and happy as a father. Lil piece of my heart... 
buddha hoga tera b...! ... ha ha...i am just joking with u ...  they don't know me well enough...if they did they would speak worse....ha ha.  Simple rule I read... A person who is nice to u, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person... he/she is the worlds biggest dipshit..just 
i will ...again.  seems you and i do the same job...singing and dancing.  And when all is said and done...work beckons. Breathing and working keeps my heart beating. I work therefore I am... 
so many of the organs...at the same time...dude u know sum thing we all don't know about...ha ha  one is anti gravity.....the other is pro gravity....so i call them anti newtonian....and newtonian.  Saw kids taking exams... Even in the larger context I thought..."the examined life is no picnic",,,like a bacteria on a microscope plate 
hate it. haven't spent time with the kids for some days now..but only a few days then i will have lots of time with them YAY  yes i do....cross my heart and swear to die...ha ha  Thanx for voting on  for kkr...keep at it to take us to the top kkrians or is it kkrites or kkrers ???? Keep voting 
Knights will see you all soon...Good to have you all back...love to all.  i would love to have many more children. i love kids...   my lil daughter getting Hindustan times scholarship.was great to hear Leander paes on stage. Very proud of my babies. 
My cerebellum seems frozen & i feel i have a quilt in my mouth. My nose seems bigger too. Do organs keep evolving or is it just me today ?  cases...statements...judgements...pils...gossip. sometimes i want to put them on fire...but then again why waste a matchstick  Read some idiot say voting not at night...eh it's online duh!!! At  
u cannot live hollow within urself & fill ur hollowness with empty things,empty promises, conveniences and fear of confrontations...just.  i will be sued if i tell you....lets just say....its not a good thing to smoke privately or publicly  Teaching clauses and phrases to son, workout cancelled. Who made up these English rules it's so much easier..the English on twitter and SMS 
Going now...work beckons. The world needs me to go and act or at least my producers do...so i rush. bye all...  i don't know how it came about. i just feel a huge amount of love when i do it seriously...the step or action just follows.  Do cast ut vote for kkr at the shortys awards in the sports team category... Should try and start the seaon with some award for resilience 
bless u my friend. watching u perform is always a treat...always from the heart.  nirulas....greenpark...hansraj canteen...moolchand...  cast my vote..it's amusing how ppl r obsessed that the voter should show his/her finger..can I just stick my tongue out instead..rude enuff? 
me...give tips on being a good wife?!! aren't we pushing this metrosexual bit, a bit too far darling???  lets do a few question answers...  they say there is no 'I' in a team be a part of the team but i like the 'i' in individuality...independence...inetegrity & intelligence too 
life and its vagaries...  Woke up early for no reason. Sometimes it is feels good to be ahead of life instead of trying to catch up with it. Go on day, without me...  To all of u...a very happy valentines day...hope u all find love that makes u laugh..sing and dance. Big hug to u all..keep loving always 
infra red...!!!  Always wake up with the same thot...y does morning come so early? Have come to understand that even Vampires r more of morning ppl than me.  New kkr logo launched..,was so good to be with ppl who have positive goals in heart and mind. I love my kkr team and friends juhi & jay. 
he kills the girls....doesnt love them!!!  Rumi time..."Who could be so lucky? Who comes to a lake for water and sees the reflection of moon.” So apt for Kashmir.  yes close 
ha ha but gotta do it together in one film...and yes the dolce and gabbana tuxedo too...  How beautiful is Kashmir...how lovely the ppl & silences that can only be Nature's voice. Feel blessed to be here in the land of sufis.  Now to launch kkr new look in a few hours. Kiss and will wake up kids for school 
thanx sonu...was a pleasure to see u at the award nite.  My fathers one unfulfilled wish was to bring me to Kashmir cos his mom was from here. Now i am here, it feels i am in his big strong arms  Reached Mumbai ..miss Berlin... Thanx Dieter, Kirsten Dorothy and all ye fine ppl.love u all in Germany 
am a big james bond fan. always wanted to play a character like him...but am told...i am not smooth with guns or women...bah!!  Dark clouds...wet roads...too early for even l?fe to feel al?ve...but ? am on way to make mov?es. A c?garette and coffee as co travellers.  was great fun to be with & the rest of Don2 crew. wish we had more time...still at least i made it 
... James... what an unpleasant surprise.  ok off to dealing with other important things in life, bless u all....  was missing my long hair...didnt need shades for one. my son says my now haircut is too goody boy one.  
James Bond: We aim to please.  its a difficult one to do...but if u have a chance do it...i miss not knowing how to play a musical instrument.  i remember 2 yrs ago i was at the Berlinale with MNIK. went for a walk all alone...think i will do the same even today to celebrate. 
James, how else will you recognize her?  i dont....i just feel like loving back less thats all.  tired now...need to sleep a bit. wish me a dream that is untiring...cos my reality is relentlessly hectic. khuda hafiz.... 
James Bond: Can't miss. She has two moles on her left thigh.  heres to jealousy...love u.  and v waste so much time on inconsequential aspects of life. criticism..cynicism...voyeuristic.live ur life so u don't miss it.whitney r.i.p 
favorite Bond lines sorry to break ur heart...u r not invisible...oops...sorry.  yay..made it to brrrlin. needed to replenish the love i give on screen & no better place to get it bak than germany. so many hugs 7 kisses.. 
JB:That gun, it looks more for a woman.  i say many things in a joke...dont take all seriously please....  Enroute to Berlin finally...see u all on the red carpet ..will celebrate don 2 yippee 
You know much about guns, Mr. Bond?  i don't sleep cos of that fear only...ha ha  Flt cancelled got to be with my princess who won a gold medal. Reliance has got me a plane to take me to berlin.all good 
JB: No, but I know a little about women.  over sensitive....  love snow and skiing... 
Thank u everyone...   don't be....  normally would say yes....but today has been hectic...so let me see my fly plans...ha ha 
Young k?ds at 4am stop me on the road & say they respect me for my energy.For a moment ? thot w?ll go & party w?th them then d?dnt.Next t?me  thinking one day i will touch the world with my bare hands even if it burns or makes me cry.  not yet..still trying a pvt plane now... 
i am gone now...people await in the real world. bye...  courage means to keep quiet with patience and listen to ppl blame you for being unfeeling.  santro... 
a lot...very nice.  if i start sleeping...who will keep the night watch???  sidney lumet in person!!! thanx 
i read some of their comments...they reek of such lack of love for their own lives....extreme losers i think.  my father did...not me.  boy 14...daughter 11 and a half. 
dont worry  have become more fearless as actor observing my kids,no fear of going wrong. but don't get so many opportunities to use it all  no 
don't be silly please!!!  two at least....  bad part at airport for 5 hours. good part back home..daughter has tae kwon doh match...nobody else home so she was nervous...now she has me 
patience is good...  neither....  team india 
don't ask they will make a video and put cases on me if i show that...ha ha  oh god so many proposals...such little time. if i marry all of u...wont have time for anything else...  5 hours at the airport ...tried all airlines...nothing available... Hmmm...maybe it's not meant to be...feeling sad now...but... 
my biggest weakness is that i move on...i am nobody to forgive anyone...  yes a word of the song is challa....  love u 
will go back to sleep again and revisit the dream...  my life is dramatic day to day just read the papers. sometimes i just refer to the papers to see wot all i didn't do...ha ha.  if they r obnoxious or overbearing Otherwise love them 
yes looking forward to it...wish Sri..Balki and Gauri the director all the best.  u should build ur own house....a place u can come back from the rest of the world.  not decided 
till i am there...there will be nobody like me...  sorry all got held up with life and reality for a bit...back to virtuality....shoot!!!  u just got tattooed tell mom!!! 
i can speak very fast...i have shot a song in synch at more than 90 frames per second speed...  we can do a few question answers.  as soon as I finish it 
my hair does not fall....ever.  Bak for a day from big mountains & big lakes of Ladakh. Hanging with kids & learning to live in small things...a hug...a smile..a complain. 
never given thought to such amazing likes and dislikes...ha ha...darling frogs...cats??? wots with u??  The one good thing about my tan is that finally my teeth look whiter. At least my dentist will be happy... 
happy birthday priyanshi  Did 4 hrs biking in Ladakh. Reminded me of "God didn't create metal for man to make paper clips with it". Feel free happy & immensely tanned 
suraj hua madhum...my own and har fikr ko dhuein main otherwise...  All alone on E?d...on a th?n w?nd?ng road. Nowhere and everywhere. Just gave myself a hug after a long t?me. W?ll celebrate w?th happy w?nds 
questions shoot...but please ask sum good mad stuff....please!!!  May Allah give you peace and happiness. 
With apologies to Gulzar sahib, sorry sir, i attempted the Challa lyrics translation in a poem...   Eid Mubarak to everyone.May Allah fill your life with happiness. Look forward to reading the Takbirat in an open space in Ladakh.Insha Allah 
What a del?ghtfully ?ntense f?lm Ch?ttagong. All the best Bedo..Anurag Kashyap...Manoj..Vega..Nawazudd?n..Shonal?. Thanx for the exper?ence.  First day breathing is a problem in Ladakh. u can't speak long sentences...actually...u can't. write...long. sentences. either...gasp gasp. 
need to go now....work awaits with open arms....i need a work hug....bye all.  In Ladakh after so many years. Lovely & hectic memories of Dil Se & my friend Santosh Sivan the worlds best cinematographer. Santa miss u... 
just feel them...dont learn them.  The free man is he... who does not fear to go to the end of his thought. Be free today and always. Happy Independence Day. 
tell them i know u...  The dream is real....the failure to realize it, is the only unreality. Go Sushil, lets see you 'bite' the Gold on the podium. 
bless u  uh...?? Cooked... 
love u  ok now to english lessons...conjunctions...phrases...clauses....coming threateningly to scare me...!!! bye and have a good life all. 
no never...  oops i am really sorry...having said that the few people in the house have huge hearts...need space to accommodate that. 
awesome....yes.  ...extremely complicated....but beautiful. 
you can ask....but i don't like talking about my personal life anymore...or my family.  as true as the title of the film...London Ishq...uff!!! 
happiness and love to u  u have to ask my manager...she does my dates... 
yes  ha ha...u will not be the first...!! 
no i don't like cats at all....find them too soft and purry...  i have donated my index finger to study the effects of jaundice on appendages...my version of organ donation. 
yes i know...been eating a lot lately....  i promise u i am not responsible...please blame my parents !!! 
inspire of what all was said...his spirits are still high...  but non fattening.... 
prepare for the party...  r u seriously questioning somebody else's proficiency in english??? really man...!!! 
dharam veer is out...will look awful in a skirt no???  took me five years to get out of there...cant get back there so soon....but jokes apart would love to show my kids 
wherever i can be with children...i don't like the company of adults actually or at least i want them to be unlike adults...  i actually want to shock them with my answer but refrain cos they anyway misunderstand wot i say...no sense of humor. 
wrong person to ask....if how to attract girls is the question then i am your man...ha ha  whoever is working with me is my favorite co star...actually stars fade i like their light more...unfading. 
by next 7 days it should i think....  old enough to advice you...young enough not to follow it myself. 
nobody is important snuff to be iggyed or blocked i feel....  kyon...aapko chahiye kya...??? 
my acting style is influenced by wot i go thru in life...  thanx keep on loving me to the end also. 
all of u please send me nonsense new terms for the nonsense old terms...okies...ha ha  yes i do...but she doesn't pick up my calls...playing hard to get...hmmmm. 
eric cantona as a personality...pele....messi and ronaldo.  U r so SUED !!! i am sending u a notice for slanderous assault on my intellect. 
bite them....!!  i like crocodiles but i am told they wag their tail too hard when petted. 
could do a few brave heart boring philosophy questions for you all...just realized some ppl write cool as kewl!! WTF!! ha ha  quick questions...only funny answers...so please beware and don't get offended. Ask me of my favorite color and i will sue u !! 
To live thru each day without letting it taint your spirit or ebb your belief in goodness and in life.....thats being a Brave Heart.  Daughter hugged me into wakefulness.Broke the news i have to teach her English. Lifelike hug...priceless.Teaching English...clueless. 
been working late nights...miss seeing my kids. lets see if i can keep awake and see off my daughter to school...  So many people send me so many notices. Isn't this whole exercise losing its 'Appeal'...pun intended. 
Not a good feel?ng not see ?nd?a ?n the sem?s...but we r proud of u guys for do?ng so well and w?th so much f?ght and d?gn?ty...love u all.  Seeing the athletes at the olympics, v see them running on adrenaline for gold, they see themselves running on conviction for the heartfelt. 
would love to but am work?ng a long sh?ft. Maybe next t?me InshaAllah...  Peel away the reasons for the reasons & reasoning is a farce.But still heartfelt conviction is a misfit in this world hungry for xplanations 
absolutely...ma? tera ampl?f?er...f?re...?f u havent professed love l?ke that...u r not f?t for anyth?ng!!  Awesome: staying up with my son & watch Usain Bolt run faster than the speed of thought. They stumble that run too fast no longer relevant.. 
all the best for the promot?ons across for SOTY. Eh please get my costumes done too...me w?thout clothes ?n a f?lm ?s unth?nkable!  sorry everyone the reply thingy seems not to be working. have reached work...will do questions post pack up. love to all. 
i know him and have met him...he did the car song...mai tera woofer etc. i love that song  ok 5 questions...am late for work... 
awesome girl!! do we get a discount because we know u ?? ha ha. God bless u...what an achievement.  For me the unassuming simple Devendro (pugilist) stands for wot a sportsman should be like. And all my love to Mary Kom. you r awesome... 
have to go now please....see u guys later...enjoy challa...will send u lyrics in a bit...cant make a mistake with gulzar sahibs lyrics...  Got a brite orange friendship band from daughter & a black one from a lovely russian family outside my house. feeling friendly now... 
if i am wrong i say it fast...otherwise never.  Shooting for Nokia in a beautiful parsi colony..such wonderful ladies &kids around...i like. 
i conceive...i believe...i achieve...like all three words.  Now at work. Felt sad we didn't qualify in women's archery. what an amazing feeling for the young indian women to be at the olympics.Bless u 
fortunate that he chose me to work in his film jab tak hai jaan.  Saw ppl playing a soccer match in Bandra. Wanted so much to get off & join them. Sunday...slush...soccer. Rain dance...ballet of the masses. 
nokia lumia 900  Driving down the road to studio...20 yrs or so i have traveled this way. Hit by its familiarity..the road which one day hit me with stardom. 
i don't like or approve of tattoos...so can't suggest...sorry. i am old fashioned.  Sentiments r like friendly ghosts...they don't die even long after you think you have buried them. i mean it in a positive way. 
i am not sexy enough i think...thats why nobody casts me in them...ha ha  i just read.Ur organs will live only as long as u do.Ur Art will breathe long after u. B free & live, just don't stand in the way of the Sun 
