Am the only soul to have a tough time documenting stuff?  Sorry for the vehemence Twitter, but I need to vent, so, Today has been added to the list of Top 5 bad days in life. Thanks.  The surprising part is, how did her Tamil parents allow her to sing for a Muslim man's movie? #GenuineKoschan 
Toh tu chutti pe jaata hi kyun hai? Woh bhi itni lambi?  Witnessed a tiny mouse being crushed under wheels of a Red Zen. How cheap life can be.  It's a shame that I still haven't managed to finish Guha's Makers of Mordern India. Top priority. 
Lovely indeed. Waiting for such Rahman pieces in Bollywood.  Debit Card lost and blocked. I am fucked for cash now.  Iyer girl you see. Has to be good :P 
Good indeed! I am not too much of a music maker but this certainly got me interested.  The good thing about the Traffic is it gives me reading time.  Yes bevdi dear. That will happen sometime soon. 
Find time for Twitter dear! I have mostly be working around. Nothing much to life. Can you DM me your no and Skype ID?  The Pyaar Ki Pungi is dhinchakly nice!  Religion is the biggest brand mankind ever created. 
Was just about to point :P  Vacation trip is imminent and then you are coming here only no in a couple of months..  A certain Hamsika Iyer has sung Chammak Challo from Ra.One it seems. Tamil girl. Hmm.. 
Di! Doing decent..How have you been? You have become more FB than Twitter post Amreeka. Hope you have settled there by now.  Spent around 10K in the past 3 days. Faaaaaaaaaaaaak.  You need a lesson or two in Hash Tagging. 
'Schoolwale'...Hmmmmmm...  Twitter, forgot to tell you.. had a really chotu trip to Bombay..  Seems average from the promos RT #Rockstar music is by Haven't checked it out. Hoping for a good album after very long 
Horrible journalism.   You actually read? Glad you liked! :)  La Tomatina is the most atrocious event to be happening to this country. 
Why such paucity of good orators?  These Investor meets remind me of Engg Viva exams. Just that I am in a better position to thokofy.  You said it! RT Recreating Tomatina festivals has to stop. Gross when starvation is all too real. Leave it for the movies. 
#NowInstalling Garage Band for iPad. This should be really fun and nice. Also, good to see App Store recognize the Rupee.  Jai Maharashtra!  If my brain resembled a dish, a Khichdi would be it. 
If that soul were to be still around, he'd definitely have been the party President and possiblly the PM candidate..  Chai Point.  Arrogance must be crushed. 
Sorry for that one. Wrote it just as I prepare to sleep :P  The mind has been gang raped. I desperately need respite.  I think people are a lot more behaved on Facebook.. 
L'oreal, Cost your worth it..  If I manage to find sutta at this hour in Bangalore, God exists..  There should be a psychoanalysis done on the popular Twitter junta. 
Wait, how does this parody account have the same handle as the official? I'm sure I am missing something.  12:44 am and still at work.  When life seems to have no purpose, Money making must be the default choice.. 
Wonder what legacy she leaves behind :The country's strongest leader or that of a quest for power gone wrong.  Dropped you a mail. Do check. Thanks.  Gone for good :) 
Also, Death Anniversary of Indira Gandhi. Here's here last speech   Physically, yes..Mentally not really..  Thanks! 
We would have bought it for 149 too. #JustSaying  Aila! Better late than never..Got some insight into GOW from his tweets..  DP Changed. Finally. 
Not making any commentary here but let's not forget Guha is a self confessed Nehruvian!  Did I tell you I got gifted an MP3 player for Christmas?  Nice dp there.. 
Nice! Enjoy maadi!  If I turn a retard, blame it to Kannada songs. #BanKannadaSongs  Join the club soon! :P 
Just criminal waste of time in travelling so much. Especially in Bangalore. Must. Resume. House. Hunting. Soon. #NoteToSelf  Kaisi hai?! You can mail?  I always was 'dewde' :P 
This journey back home in all probability will create a new record.  Bombai Meri Jaan playing on Bangalore radio. Nice.  \m/ 
Bumper to Bumper traffic and no place to sit. This journey is going to be long, unproductive and tiring.  How was the exam?  Also, by installing WhatsApp, I now officially belong to the 'cooler' section of the phone society.. 
Is this India after Gandhi you refer to?  Good Morning and kiss to Bangalore weather minus the rain.  Correction..Flawed Proven Brilliance vs Uncertain Strong Hope #ModiVsRahul 
If you ask me, definitely not enough power to 'Run' the country but power nonetheless.  True. Very true. Younger daughter Akshara is a pretty girl too.  Flawed brilliance vs Strong hope #ModiVsRahul 
Again, I am not debating on their Business skills. It is a debate on how much power corporates should have.  :)  I have principally stopped indulging in nostalgia.. 
In US, you call it lobbying..Here it is being called corruption..  This Kamal Haasan's daughter I tell you.  Will change my DP soon. Do not look any close to what the current one suggests. 
I think this Kejriwal will take us back to the forgettable Nehruvian socialist policies.  This Kamal Haasan's daughter I tell you.  Just realized, I have pampered myself for long now. 
Like anywhere in the world. A country cannot progress without it's businesses. The relation is symbiotic.  Good Morning and kiss to Shruti Hassan. Also, I don't think I will get to marry her. *Sigh*.  Make use of your Android phone. Start Tweeting. 
I do not deny. But that doesn't mean he 'Runs' the country.  Download maar. Also, Pushpak remains..  Oh right! You were the one bargaining? :P 
He is just running his business. Not the country certainly.  Salil! She is super pretty and a talented girl man..I am in Bangalore..Interning..What about you?  You from RGIT and belong to the great Indian Engineering faculty. What more do I need to know? :) 
To say that the Country is run by Mukesh Ambani is taking it too far.  Thank you for the concern but I got the splling right.   
Bhaisaab, aap apne room aur phone se baahar nikaliye toh. Hum dono toh waise bhi baat kar lete hai kabhi :P  Ok, I think I love Shruti Hassan.  For Bollywood junkies like us, following is a must. Read his tweets. You'd know why. 
Exactly , the S3 tries to do too much.  Yet to listen to a Non-Kolaveri song since the past 3 days..  Honestly, only when Dravid retires from Test will it be a massive loss for Indian cricket. Correction, World cricket. 
Very uncouth indeed. All respect Modi earned as a supposed doer is being lost to his speaking.  Kolaveri for me is a very very interesting case-study..  We need to re-think our definition of 'Good' and 'Bad'. 
Modi referred to Mrs Tharoor as a "Rs 50 Crore Wife"..  Kudos to Aniruth, Dhanush and Aishwarya! Absoutely eccentric and brilliant. #Kolaveri  His handle? 
Thanks!  At IIM Banglore..  So was it normal? 
“@SexFactsOfLife: Coffee and tobacco both lower your sex drive.” *Makes a mental note*  Yes dud! You were there in Rathi and perhaps Mithibai too?  Ok..Also, the blood test? 
No foul play at all it seems. Just plain depression arising out of 'Nothing to do'. My heart goes out to the family. Sweet man the son.  Good Morning and kiss to AC buses in Bangalore.  Nice! How was the talk? 
Read about a friend's mom's demise on FB yesterday. Learnt from today's TOI that she was a known Producer's wife and that it was a suicide.  Today Juhu, Mumbai will be one of the more crowded places on earth. #It'sAGirl  Blood test for? 
Prince Charles, wife in Whitefield, Bangalore for holistic healing.   A man makes a choice and the choice returns the favour.  Rakesh Sharma the astronaut? 
No issues. I will have lunch and return. Roomies *might* join in.  Inshallah, we all do!  I want to watch too. 
Nope. DMing you my no. Miss call me please.  No! This has nothing to do with bad habits..Just some foreboding..  Point noted. Keep the suggestions coming.Probably more elaborately to adhitya[at]annanymous.in 
Not really. Considering catching up with college junta.  The tatti day song challenge #Chutiyapa  I thought that was against Hindu sentiments. 
Ok..let's keep it for Sunday then..I will most probably join..  Clairvoyance.  Inshallah, we all be guided to our destinies soon. 
Oh..Ok..There is chance I might want to join you till EC. Is anyone else joining you?  Don't be surprised if I die at 23.  It is important to understand people who are not like you. 
Please do. Will be home tomorrow evening and all of Sunday. Kuch kaam hai ki aive hi?  "We are all passing time in this world"- Kishore Biyani  It is difficult for Hindus to be a happy lot. 
Dancing Dada: Ganguly bids farewell to Goddess Durga.   Everyday by Buddy Holly. Listen now!  Beer today. Whopee! 
“@prashantghabak: ko bol kitna bhi chaate Richard Branson ki woh invest nahi karnewaala KFA main.” :D  Kya baat. Kya baat. Kya baat!  The Madrasan open letter to Delhi boys is unnecessarily boisterous. Not a good read. 
:)  Yes, I had already offered Preeti the post. Years ago. But I doubt I can afford a Microsofty.  160 characters not even remotely sufficient. 
“@TheVijayMallya: Fair and balanced views on me and Kingfisher by Richard Branson on NDTV. Thank you Richard.” Indeed.  Folks driving to Banglore today.  I am telling you, we live in a very special country. Very. 
“@ndtv: Kidnapped Indian-origin baby Saanvi Venna found dead: US media reports  Very sad.  Send personal email is the modern day 'Door des se khat aayi hai'  Among various other things, India is the origin of modern day politics too perhaps.. 
Judge a kid by his ability to question and learn, a woman by her character and a man by his work.  After salary comes, will order from Flipkart first thing!  Congrats! Keep em coming :) 
“@sidin: Why is everybody in Delhi offering to resign? What is this? TCS in April?” :D  Allow us also to be 'cool' ok?  Only speculations are vazhunju kottyfying here.My incessant Tweets so much should be testimony enough to my status 
Displaying too much wealth is dangerous: Sir Branson!   Enough of the leg-pulling. I am 6ft 2inch already.  Kyun bhai? 
“@WhatTheFFacts: The average human brain is capable of remembering only about 60% of whatever happened just a day before!” 60%?!. Too much.  Not that I asked someone out for a reply.  You are so materialistic. Anyway, which Manni is this? 
“@ndtv: Kingfisher to arrange own funds to restart airline  Why da?  Waiting for Derek o Brien to declare the Jalgaon Prince as the national Quizzing champ. Fir Fan mails ki baat karna..  Not anytime yet. 
Nice to see your presence here, sir!  Text mila. On reaching home, which is generally very late, my phone is thrown away and I crash. Aaj mail bhejta hoon..  Oh yes. Joyful and such a connected community. 
A sight in India's Silicon Valley..   I think I will shoot a mail to well-wishers today.  Good to know.. 
Thanks for the kind words of consolation, all!  Good Morning and kiss to life as she is treating me so well.  Also, why the absence from Twitter world? 
Not keeping in touch is mutual no?  FM station playing Hindi numbers. #Relief #KannadaSongsAreDepressing  Also, why the absence from Twitter world? 
For my memory, to remember something mentioned a year ago is a miracle!  Absolutely brilliant.   I see.. 
Got attacked by a crow today. Superstitious junta, what does this signify?  Dear Rain, you are jeopardising Banglore's only claim over Mumbai- The Weather. Your's truly, Mumbaikar.  Is this the controversial book that Shiv-Sena got banned? 
I am not on WhatsApp!  ?  This incessant Tweeting from phone activity is good untill the phobe bill shows up.. 
Until you start paying for the petrol..  I have lost some respect for SAP already. Why not eligible?  Yup! 
Good to see you here!  Every Indian entrepreneur must have some Kishore Biyani in them.  Get one soon! We are here to stay.. 
Also, managed to cook for self today. Made some edible Soya dish.  Good things are 'just happening'..  Give me 10 more years, I will decode life for you. At least the mundane part of it. 
Chup re cartoon. Badi aayi *facepalm* karne.  Whattay transfiguration! Do well. Be happy!  Nagas is realy good. How was Myth=Mithya? Enjoy the treat named Jaya.. 
Exploring meaning of life in people is futile. They could leave in emotional or physical presence anytime. #OkBye  I am a professional wanderer.  Look who is talking! Because you are a cartoon, you get away with everything. I should stop special treatment of you people. 
Main Zindagi ka saath nibhata chala is so wonderfully written.  Baazi lagaa from Guru has interesting lyrics.  With all due respect Vivek Oberoi would have been disastrous. In fact any non Sanju sir would have been a blooper. 
I think Mallya should just gracefully accept KF as a lesson learnt hard and move on. Just like any other failure.  700? Yeh kiska population hai be? Jalgaon ka?  Anil Kapoor? 
Nonsense: “@CNN: Opinion: It's time to allow doping in sport.  (via What do you think?”  What are you talking about?  Just guessing. I love the song though. Real beauty. 
The iPad Mini ad is so beautiful and lovely! Sweet music. Wish I could use the same adjectives for it's pricing too.  Somewhere on the chest :)  Tu toh hass hi mat na. 
4th Generation iPad? WTF?!  I'll keep that a (Not too surprising) secret.  In the past there have been slow numbers which have gone on to become the most popular offering. Kal Ho Na Ho? 
Is it just me or Obama conspicuously avoids eye contact with Romney during the debates?  November 10-12.  Smoking ain't good. Telling you. 
A big loss indeed for the Hindi film fraternity and it's followers. Rest in Peace, Yash Chopra. Hope Jab Tak hai Jaan creates new records.  Toying with the idea of getting a tattoo done. Permanent tattoo. Yes. Me.  The only reason Bedardi Rraja ain't the most popular track from Delhi Belly is because it doesn't have a cuss. 
No co-incidence in so many renowned souls leaving us together. Just the cycle of life being closed. Will happen to every generation.  Booking passes for BeerFest, Whitefield. 1480/- for 2 days. 850/- for a single day pass. Interested souls ping me. Thanks.  Will be colleging et all today.. 
Sid Mallya's demeanour in this time of crisis is a big disappointment! Sad that Mallya Sr hasn't been able to groom a leader in his own den.  Finally, sighted a Natural Ice cream parlour at Banglore.  No matter what, Gujarat still makes a Mumbaikar feel at home. There are so many of them here you see. 
'He who has a Why to live for can bear almost any How'-Neithzche. Very true!  Which movie is this?  How are? Keep tweeting..feels good.. 
Just realized. Kejriwal is twice my age #RandomFacts  What ya doing in London?  Good Morning Twitter, Some important life decisions will be made this week. 
Also, you are not even half as good looking.  Ideas are puring in today.  Shabba Khair, Twitter. God bless you for withouth you I would never have been subjected to 
& perhaps SOTY tomorrow evening?  Promotion for Rockstar. That Ranbir Kapoor chap will also be there. Google karo. Sometime soon it is.  When life is heading nowhere, do an MBA.. 
Kiklikalerdi from Love Shuv They Chicken Khurana # NowPlaying  Sonu Nigam sings 10 times as many songs down South than he sings for Bollywood perhaps..  Politics is the most disgraced yet esteemed and obviously powerful business in this country. The power aspect is charming. 
Amit Trivedi never disappoints.  A R Rahman and Sivamani performing at Bhavan's ground. Bhen****.  On the phone now. Will read once I get access to a machine. 
Some place called Paratha Plaza here in Bangalore.  Thank you  Just returned from Gujarat. I am convinced there cannot be a more Orthodox place in this planet. 
Salman Khurshid's remarks disappointing. Don't expect it from an Oxford educated chap at least.  Just went pass IIM-Banglore.  I will resist using this public forum to answer that. :D 
Took my love for Pizzas to the next level. Tried Pizza flavoured Paratha. Loved it!  Lovely portrayal! Small role. Big fun. Cheers!  Total empathy and sympathy! 
Ayushman is married it seems  Yes I am. Trust me, it certainly ain't bad as people particularly on this forum are making it to be.  Nope. More of Preffered-Twitter-Handle-Not-avialable-ology. 
Can hear 2 young male voiced behind me discussing relationships for the past 45 mins. I am beginning to judge them now.  You din't like?  Also, there should be a ban on clicking photographs. #PhotographyIsADisease 
Quick, hide the BlackBerry, it's too uncool   Twitter is the most judgemental place on the web. #JustSaying  Not too sure if I have the patience to deal with drunk souls. 
Was right. Siddharth Malhotra is Manish Malhotra's nephew.  I can't speak for SP but I am in for sure. Don't know if that counts as a 'fest' but nonetheless..  I now know where the Gujaratis come from.. 
It could be on 29th December if some Googling is to go by. Do confirm. Perfect time to plan.  You and your 'anna'grams I tell you..  Bedardi Raja from Delhi Belly is current addiction. 
More details?  Read tweets.  :) 
Are you even aware of the amount of Spam coming from you?  An all Banglore general beer fest.  Presenting my Business plan.  
It is exclusively meant for people with acidity problem.  Good fresh writers are the need of the hour for Bollywood.  At the India finals of Global Student Entrepreneur Award 2011. Heartening experience.  
In other reaction, the trailer is decent..doesn't give much about the movie..In fact, nothing..  If we could dare to show some modern day movie to the outsider, Ra.One could be an easy pick.  Lovely. The channel by now has so much fodder to feed on. Await the launch. 
Aye haye..Anushka Sharma in Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola is so unbelievably pretty man! I have never had stronger celeb crush.  My SRK Fan review: Super duper! Non SRK fan review: Super! Either way, 1 time watch at least. Sharukh is my Business idol.  Heading Gujarat. By road. 
Pure sarcasm there. It seems there is a show called 'Superstud' where he coaches people to be 'Cool dude'.  November 10th-12th. Coming no? And wish you a very Happy Deepavali too! :)  The fact that your thinking changes is lovely. Being aware of it is lovlier. 
How dudeless the world would be without souls like Ashmit Patel to teach us no? Thank God!  Interval review: Definitely not bad. Post interval seems very promising. Landmark movie for Bollywood. Graphics super good.  Isn't the problem supposed to be with addiction and not Alcohol per se? #ReligiousInflictions 
Aniket, could you DM me your e-mail id please?  In the 15 mins from the now, the me will be watching the Ra.One.  Maine kya natak kiya? You still haven't answered..Naam kyun badla? 
Congrats there! DJ refers to?  Can you share please?  Cheers! 
Very interesting   but do they make sense?  You look plump and full. Reminds me of the 1st year Viju!  Ditto here. It is beautiful that way! 
FYI: Saw 3 movies in the theater over the past 2 days. Last 2 being back to back! & saw 4! #BahutCrazyHoGaya  And Amitabh? Really?  Inflated excitement fills me. Can burst anytime. Like always. 
Topping the list of worst movies being 'Aisha'. It so happens #1 & #2 start with 'A', end with 'A', have 5 letters and music by Amit Trivedi  Sajid Khan possible. Shiney Ahuja is a stunt for their next movie. Amitabh is like saying Dinosaurs exist.  Life is behaving very typically. Lows and highs are in constant offering. How about you, bro? 
Makkhi, Telegu Eega's Hindi version is simply fantastic. Definitely path breaking cinema. A must watch!  I was curious too. Read   The way you make me feel..you really turn me on..#Businesses 
Not that cares much but I earnestly hope to not see his name associated with such pieces any further!  Shera di kaum Punjabi #SongsBackToHaunt  Totally agree there! 
Aiyya is second in the list of worst movies I have seen in life. Keeping aside all respect for , did we read the script even?  Err..Pardon my previous weather report. There is heavy rain happening here now.  Why did you change your handle? Also, is blocking you here it seems..hmm.. 
Rahul Gandhi not too bad a speaker. Varun Gandhi seems to have solid grip over English.But, tragedy to see where Nehru's clan stands today.  Brief sporadic showers. No serious raining. Your accommodation?  Sorry, you simply cannot afford :p 
Saturday night beer session with self is simply super.  Also, my epic phone theft will require to ask you for your number too.  I think is the best thing to happen to the Indian Twitter circuit. 
I know. Cavill mentioned. What movie and when?  You bet! :D When you reaching tomorrow And yeah, a Very Happy Diwali! :)  Oye..What is book status? I phinished Secret of the nagas.. 
How are you placed tomorrow? Thinking of catching up..  Super! You can reach me on my old number and alternatively on my temporary Banglore no that I will DM you..  Thankoo madame! 
Do you have Haryanvi ancestors by any chance? :D  Oh..Lovely! For how long and meeting up a possibility?  Cheers bhai! 
Will reserve my comments on that. I speak from basic knowledge of rural India.  You look so pretty in the dp!  Tunak Tunak Tun. 
  :):)  Can anybody give me Bombay rain update? Are the Rain Gods still over doing it? 
# NoBraDay it seems. I am sure half of our women don't wear one anyway. Baat karta hai..  Haha. Sure thing. I am hoping for something to develop off the meet. Will perhaps include that in the post too! :)  Bombay, you will have to tolerate me for some more time. Thanks. 
Oh wait. I thought you were referring to the business walah 'Company' all while. And dude, I am a ladkibaaz is it? Wow!  Bumped into Sachin Bansal, CEO and founder, Flipkart. Had a quick and nervous chat. #Epic  Beautiful train journey this. 
Nice. December it is then. Btw, any changes to our ugly certification by any chance?  My 1st fiction. Fiction non-fiction actually. Whatever.   Nice. Let me know how good a read you found it to be.After I finish my current lot,his 'Hindu Calendar Art' is next on my list 
Our 'Company' you were talking about.  Mithaiwalah Khan   Lot of pending updates to be done in life. Will do. 
Lovely. I am aware. Should hopefully be able to come in December. If not, Feb tak toh aana hi hai. Any idea of Rishkul's travel plan?  Dude! You are brilliant..You will know why once you read..  Shabba Khair. 
It shall remain a story we speak of if and when we grow.  I have been trying to do a fictional post for the past 45 mins. Yet to go beyond 4 lines. My first and last perhaps.  And I have a series to add too. 
Isn't Europe a contributor to Global inflation and the consequent unrest? #NobelPeaceForEU  Is there a possibility that you can get the hot water fixed at Banglore house before tge 6th?  I see. Have a couple of books lined up. Will take it up after. 
Is it just me or the Facebook app for the iPad crashes too often?  ITC one of the very few packaged food innovators. *Respect*  It's like an intro to Hindu Mythology. One of Devdutt's more popular books. 
*The smell of freshly washed hair* :D  You sound as if you have started an NGO or some social initiative.  Read Myth=Mithya? 
Dude, this 'Banda yeh Bindass' from Aks comes pretty close to describing me. At least, parts.  At Frank Anthony Public School. I love these school kids. Girls are as charming souls as ever. Wonder what happens to the charm with age.  History is of very strong liking too. The fiction aspect is a little repelling though. Will surely check the series. 
Finally caught-up with . Always nice and warm to know a girl around!  Good Morning and Kiss to Bombay because it is a darling! #KRKTweet  Indian mythology is supreme stuff. Jaya is just the perfect start. Mahabharatha is perhaps the World's greatest epic. 
Hehe. Ok. Do watch his interviews on Youtube.  Anyway, please make as note of potential souls.. You will get brownie Karma points.  I love Mythology. Hate fiction. Amish Tripathi beautifully does fiction with mythological relevance. 
Happy 70th to the best orator in the world!  She must have a younger sister?  I have been to his place too.He stayed right adjacent to my previous abode and I was oblivious to it all my growing. Sigh. 
Perhaps. Certainly good enough for me to like the man though. Any suggestion for a 2nd read?  Haha! Is she good looking and around our age?  Road-side food is a blessing. 
Read a book after long. Absolute Khushwant. Ironically, his last book is my first Khushwant Singh read. A lot more to come for sure!  If you din't then who did?! Bhangale?  Souls without phone etiquettes feature higher in my Blacklist. 
I realized, I am the king of my own world only.  Whoa?! Are you serious? How did you go about finding players and teaching them? Are you planning on a championship? Congrats!  Also, dd buy Secret of the Nagas. Have preserved it for an imminent train journey. Heard it betters the 1st offering. 
For someone who has invested in Apple's office, I doubt I'd want to spend more. Still looking forward though.  Aur laptop?  Devdutt Pattnaik is a personal idol. I have had the opprtunity to meet him. Jaya is beautiful. 
Good night  If you join Infosys, there is little chance you could become a Narayan Murthy.  This should be subject of National fervor.Nothing else.
Et al*  The one reason I have to give it to my parents: It is for them I am Bombay bred.   
Dmat account has been opened. I will start investing et all now.  Arre lovely. I will be here till December 1st week at least. Beer fest happening here November 2nd week. Can you come then?  Yes, yes. Have a story to tell on that :D 
Tussi great ho sir. Tussi company bhi.  Banglore only.  Ok. I have been making frantic calls. I need to talk. Call or answer. 
Wait, you skipped office because there was no Parking space?  I am new in this city doing new things. Missed. You will receive a call tonight :)  Very very good. Very. 
:*  Same pinch. RT Sigh, I miss Bombay.  When somebody tells me that, I take that as sweet poison..Where do you see them? Hope they were mine.. 
Lovely! Now just pray obliges too.  Done dona done.  Cosmic indeed! Yes, been really long..We should catch-up sometime.. 
No sleep again. I will be a little concerned if I am deprived tonight too.  Aila!  Nice to have you here. You wouldn't believe but just enquired about you to a friend yesterday. 
Pata nahi! Just no sleep.  Paris Hilton following Poonam Pandey on Twitter it seems. Hmm..  Is attending the IBM Leadership Summit at the Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai. 
No di. Not much. I generally can't compromise on sleep.  Yesterday I understood why the tired working husband stereotype refuses sex to his wife.  26/11 did not make them half as unpopular as Lokpal. Also, that was more restricted to a state than the entire nation. 
Today, Bangalore seems like a Hill station.  Kya hua bhai?  He is their only hope of even standing a chance for a re-elect. They have been suicidal in dealing with the national protest 
Shabba Khair. Hopefully, aaj neend aayegi.  Going really good. When could we Skype?  Congress will coerce Rahul Gandhi now. 
Also dude, Karishma and Sana from Bigg Boss are so pretty yaar! I think I will start voting this season onwards.  Figarooooooo!  #Epic  India is a free country. We are yet to be a free nation. Astonishing to see biased and romanticized emotions pour today. 
There will first be a huge debate on which language to debate in “@aniket_nikumb: Its sad we don't have such Presidential debates in India.  Good Morning! Week 2 at work..  :D 
Touchwood, No!  Nice. I did my BE in Computer Engg. Where do you work?  There are two popular Salman Khans in the world. Which one do you want to be? 
Wow. So lucky.  I am on a 2 month internship here. What you doing there?  Quite honestly, Ravi Shastri made no sense in that 'Bloody no 1' video.. 
Interesting Indians are interesting.  When a Harvard Grad sells Chai, you know it is certainly worth a 'like'   Judging by the Spam messages they send, I can tell you E-Bay India is in a bad state. 
Khushwant Singh: 'Sex is certainly better than romance. The need for romance fades, the lust for sex never'  Yet to hear. Nayi movie banani hai na?  Reading this book called 'The Walmart Effect' 
Probably the first night in life without sleep.  Will you be Chamrajpeting today?  Big businesses are orgasmic. 
Conspicuous absence of 'U' in Humour. Things the US does.   #Remember  Walmart patronizes you to the fullest and makes you realize how inconsequential a being you are. 
This total weekend off seemed like a vacation to me.  Nice..Will try them sometime..  My follower count reads 222. Reminds me of the good old David Shepard. 
Err..How many did you actually attend?  Park Avenue is by far the best hair gel I have tried.  'Handling a terrorist attack' should now be included under school text books. High time. What say? #MumbaiBlasts 
Such murder of English on my Facebook timeline. I fear losing my grip on the language.  It Happened in India. #NowReading  Bapu was never tried, leave alone having enough of him. 
English knowledge or not, every mom will like!  No yaar! Want to understand their business model though..  Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude hai wonderful. Pee sakte ho roz glassful, Dude Dude Dude Dude.. 
Do go. Take parents, especially mom along if possible.  The day begins early. Good Morning!  I learn, its your Budday et all..Many Many Happy returns of the day.. 
English Vinglish is lovely cinema. Must watch!  Tweet of the year RT These Top Business schools are not "that" impossible to get...  If you find out, let me know too.. 
:)  Came across a very charming face in the bus today. Very rare that emotion hits me. My quickest crush perhaps.  Now Following Lovely trivia he provides. 
Oh, this was to the MBA tweet. I din't expect it so soon.  Photon and Bluetooth working perfect. Mera bluetooth main jhol tha.  I loved Chillar Party. Little souls. Big influence. Hearty watch. 
Wow   I am in Banglore! Where are you now?  Hi..could you mail more details on the job profile to iyer.adhitya@gmail.com 
Sense prevails. Twitter for iOS has an upgrade.  Of course uska fan hoon yaar..  Also, is there some email-id/contact no that you could provide? 
Lovely RT 87 patents, invented the red camera and now he makes a film.. Introducing Bedabrata Pain.. #Chittagon  I. Miss. Bombay.  Rajesh - 9920829520 should suit your interest and requirement. 
Managed to watch the closing lines of the Presidential debate. Romney clearly scored over Obama for me. #NotThatItMatters  What logic sir. Too good. RT I m sure Bijoy take The Good The Mornings. 
I hope some legendary film makers come out of my generation.  drugs otherwise he can not make The Micromax campaign is one of the more pathetic ads to hit Television. 
I am not too sure if an Aam Aadmi can make a good leader. We all love to adore things larger than life, don't we?  shaitaan so nicely.  Apologies for taking the liberty but with many other fanatics in this country need counselling. Such obssession is dangerous. 
It's interesting how these MBA chaps transform so fast. Sudden updates/tweets on economy, start-ups et all..  Of course! It's my baby now. Har Sunday milaane le aaonga :D  Don't the makers of movies like Isi Life Main have some conscience? Atrocious stuff. 
A Tweet for a Tweet makes the whole world blind..#TwitterGandhi  I now have a laptop, sponsored by  Love the prospect of Shaitan and Delhi Belly being backed by big Production Houses. 
If interested, also Youtube videos of Gopal Godse, brother and another convict who lived till as recent as 2005.  I'm sure you have a brand manager. Express my appreciation. Thanks.  I could gruesomely murder the female at the Big Cinema counter. 
Very true.By bestowing greatness on Gandhi, we have just distanced ourselves from his lessons.  All Iyers, take time off everything on you now for this :  #Epic  Could you Tweet me your number pileej ? 
Google 'Nathuram Godse's final address in court'. You will find many.  At flipkart's office. This place emanates zeal and inspiration for wannabe entrepreneurs.  The most unfortunate aspect to an Indian is the concept of a queue. Long annoying queue filled wth uncouth souls. 
Skimmed through a passage by Nathuram Godse on why he killed Gandhi. Interesting.  Soundarya Rajnikanth is so beautiful.  Harischandrachi Factory is one of the finest Indian movies made in recent times. 
There is a Kannada version of Pump It by Black Eyed Peas. Wow. What a start to the morning.  Decide and let me know..  Today was one of the more trying days of my life. Hope it is not suggestive of the days to come. 
Aur Bharat ka Pakistan ke khilaaf World Cup record barkaraar..  Ghar pe chale jaa na! Baat karta hoon..  Sutrum Vizhi, a lovely number by Harris Jairaj. 
Kya baat. Kya baat. RT In Tamil, Time really is 'Mani'.  Bombay kitne din rahega?  Kutti. Kamini. Kulta. #MumbaiTraffic 
How is that?  Coming back on?  I realized, not read today's newspaper. Horrible. 
Sure. But before that, meet me tomorrow.  Tu ghar ke liye kab nikal raha hai?  Businessmen can clearly be categorized as Steve Jobs or Steve Wozniak. 
Lovely. It's beautiful!  Tension mat le..I will add to it after coming :P  Money making is dirty business I feel. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you leave from work early and await a date with your bottles of Beer with a holiday the next day!  Loved the Union Bank campaign. Super!  Moments spent in the B.E.S.T will remain the most cherished. 
I think couples who PDA in social media are forcibly convincing themselves and others about their love for each other.  Good Morning!  I am super hyper today #NeedToCalm 
I think couples who PDA in social media are forcibly convincing themselves and others about their love for each other.  Never thought a 'Networking' session with a rickshawala would help me in my job. It did.  Open mic. Prithvi Theatre. Juhu. 
I will do a very mild version of tomorrow. #Shopping  The latter part of it mainly. Help me too no..  Not breaking open a man's skull just because he was declared a 'Dayan' by some baba. 
Same pinch. But i'm sure we can do better.  Di! DM me your no pileej..  When we we ever become an educated nation? 
Happy Budday!  I know decently of him. He went into recluse in between living as a farmer for long. Returned back to produce Jaane tu..  Grit for me is the most endearing virtue. 
:D  Lovely info. He dropped out of all 3?  Hello Pakistan, thank you for Coke Studio. 
Yaar, apni salary package kaun public update main daalta hai?  Good employees are like jewels. Must be preserved.  Chutiyapa is a good word. 
That awkward moment when your new trouser zip refuses to move up and you have to cover it with your sweatshirt..  Today in and around Bomanhalli.  Got a brilliant Engineer to interview for the book. This man's story is epic and I feel blessed. 
So cuuuute RT Blackberry I will still support u till ur end ...  SAP Ventures funds One97. Super!  Brand that manages loyalty. 
She showed him the (Like) finger ? RT One of my friends proposed to his girl on a Facebook status. Asked her hand in marriage.  Life is heading somewhere.  I have maximum respect for sucessful brands and the people behind it. 
So many pretty girls in the world yaar!  What material? Work or luxury?  I am glad the world is so much more connected now. 
This is the of rappers.  Lemon Chai at ChaiPoint #Awesomeness  Is Singham Atul-Ajay's irst Bollywood assignment? 
Wow RT don't ditch me for my sly tweet, Your call, darling!  Everything but for Amitabh seems sub-standard about 'Buddah hoga tera baap'. 
pedicure is a must for ur feet..  Tomboys are either fictional or wannabes. All girls think too much. Otherwise they are quite a beautiful species.  What sense does it make to have ghost docus on Animal Planet? 
Kannada film music never fails to deliver 3rd rate output.  Book likhna shuru kar Ch****ye #NoteToSelf  Hai Zuku Hai Zuku Hai Hai #MarkZuckerbergSongs 
Bilawal-Hina affair, end of PPP, Bilawal? Would have loved to witness Benazir handle this.  I am a good boy when happy.  Zakya #MarkZuckerbergNickNames 
But someone said it right, only such a crazy creature could get the Communist Party out of Bengal.  My own deo is getting on to my head.  I want to become everything. I want to do everything. Does anybody else share this sentiment? 
Mamta Banerjee really gives forces you to beileve she is a sexually deprived psycho case.  You start EMDCing today! All the best..There is nothing like doing what you like..Cheers!  How late? 
And get caught the 7th time? RT average driver will have sex in 90's Rahman in the morning!Whatay start.  Oh..nice..We are better off as students in movies alone. 
their car six times throughout their Sweet corn and Oreo Shake!  Rectified. Also, interesting intro there. Where in 3- Idiots were you placed? But 'He met Amir Khan' is quite an intro.. 
life.  Hope all is fine, hale and hearty! :D  Totally agree. RT Its not good when people don't know how to introduce you. 
How frustrating would frustration be without abusing?  Jagjit Singh had very recently accused A R Rahman of being a plagiarist and a worthless composer. He was also the ambassador of Ghazals.  I am wanting to write a book. Total anpad on the publication front. Anybody here to guide? If not, Retweet for help pileej.. 
Wait, aren't you in Bangalore?  Had a \m/ day. Made Pasta Makhanwala. Horrible food. Super fun.  Bibi ka Mukbara is this historic monument built bu Aurangzeb in Aurangabad. It was built to ape the Taj Mahal.. 
No. No. Pretty straight. When girls become women, they lose innate charm I feel.  I am still a Mumbaikar on a temporary halt, so MI for me. See ya!  BB ka Mukbara? #ForgiveMe RT BB ka problem? 
Hehe. What part of it?  Of course..I am just assuming Malls have little productive activites to offer..  Arindam Choudhari is one of the more pathetic people in the country. He might as well go ahead and sue me for this tweet too. #Chutiyaa 
I love girls. They lose charm after growing up though.  Yes, If he is gracious enough..  Judwaa has been the most prominent movie of my childhood. 
Always loved the mirth and darkness in Kaawa Kaawa from Monsoon Wedding. Looping since yesterday!  Stop roaming aimlessly in buses first.  Has India TV spoken as yet? 
That is the most emotionally convincing answer yet.  Shehar mai hoon mai tere #Rockstar #NowPlaying  Ekta Kapoor is making a sequel to Paa. Its called Baa and the she lives 400 years. #KyunkiMotherInLawBhi.. 
My bet: The Talwars killed Hemraj for sure.  Today Red+White sauce Pasta will be made #ChokriTweet  Are we expecting another beauty from Chetan Bhagat? #ChutiyaTweet #AishBaby 
This Arushi murder case will go on to be one of the most intriguing crime mystries in Indian history.  Happy reading. Start the 2nd offering immediately.  I am desperate to know what India Tv has to say of Lalit Modi's tweets. 
Kaawa Kaawa Kaawa, aaj mera jee karda, main udd ja naal hawanva..  Steve Jobs' story did Apple's branding. Not Steve Jobs per se.  If you listen to the track 'Pintya' carefully, you will realize how nicely it blends with the scene in Shaitaan. Brilliant. 
You have been tweeting romantic poems in Hindi. I obviously think you are not in good mind.  Customer is god. Whosoever said it, Cheers man!  Also, what will Daddaji think? You shouldn't have missed. 
Saw Mira Nair's Salaam Bombay yesterday. The original Slumdog. Just a lot better.  The Mumbai junta is unintentionally trained well for a lot of things actually.  Sha. Don't try killing yourself now. :p 
Take care.  'Indian' ex-president? Really?  Waiting for Vijay and Ajay to happen..In that order.. 
Hopefarm to Hoodi. Bangalore. Post 10 pm. Bangalore. Hmmm.  Hikknaal from DevD is a nice Punjabi number.  Also, how was today's episode? :D 
:D RT  "Never do anything against the conscience even if the state demands"  Kya baat hai. Mere saath rehne ka itna farak padha tujhpe? 
2day my gym trainers wife is unwell! The advantage of being a Powai resident is that one develops total tolerance for the Banglore traffic.  In a B.E.S.T bus. Have a seemingly mentally ill passenger sitting beside. Laughing and talking to self. Making random head movements. 
Agar kisi cheez ko dil se maango toh Postpaid services are a scam.  The traffic now at Juhu is probably the worst anywhere in the world right now. #WisdomKiMKC 
saari kayinaat etc etc..  I prefer Ayuthu Eluthu over Yuva.  Did you know, is an avid follower of Yeh Rishta Kya kehlata hai on Star Plus? Dedicated viewer. Really. 
Apparently everybody in Bollywood is either gay or bisexual #Heroine  When is script writing beginning?  "Made by the most advance technology known to man. Man." Loved the tagline of this brand called Taishi. 
Cigarette smoking in every 2nd scene DOES NOT make a movie cool and realistic #Heroine  Weekends aren't. YOU are a waste. Kal Cricket ka plan hai, tu nakhre karega dekh. #Chokri  How many know what Bhosdikay actually means? #KnowYourCuss 
30 mins into #Heroine. Nonsense.  Would you like to have some snacks too sir?  Discovery is such a phase I tell you. 
iPad doesn't have WhatsApp..  It is fascinating to see the loyalty a customer can show. Really fascinating.  O&M handles it all. 'You and I' is composed by the same guys who did the ad. A special service on the insistence of Piyush Pandey. 
9 years after sister died, Delhi cop kills her hubby   Behind the counter. #Epic  I love doing it. Not too sure if I am skilled enough to be called talented though. Hope to better. 
Par Uske liye WhatsApp ka hona toh zaroori hai na. Humaari company free ki smartphone nahi baantti.  Yes sir!  That reminds me. I should get back to writing too. After all the reading that is. 
Bus toh mili par meri waali nahi. #SomethingBetterThanNothing  Wearing a black turtle neck today as a mark of love #SteveJobs  But you just happened to. Idealism is never good. 
I think I have seen all buses of Bangalore pass by except for my bus of course.  Yeh Kaali Kaali aankhein #NowPlaying #90'sBollywood  Once I get that rare access to internet on my machine, I will spend a day just reading the countless blog posts I missed. 
Ab bus ho gaya. I mean bas ho gaya.  This city is a good place to live in. #Banglore  Everyone has some 'Come show uncle your...' talent. Be it dance, singing or any art form. I have no telent whatsoever. Absolutely useless. 
Yaar yeh Teleportation kab invent hogi?  Kaun?  No. No. It is fine. Why sigh? 
Sabaash RT Yadav wants 3000 cases Aane ke baad..  Its simple for me. If the much glorified figures did not actually exist, I am in great awe of the human mind. 
withdrawn against his party men.  To have got this opportunity. 1st day was fantastic. Come back soon for a detailed telling.  Dude! You have a story to speak too eh!I add candid to the list of words to describe Twitter now.. 
Agar roaming charges bachaane ke liye hum yahaan chat kare toh hum dude hai..  I. Feel. Blessed.  What changes with the evidence? As long as you are coninced of the larger idea, the existence shouldn't matter no? 
Wait, what time is the arrival?Late Shyaam ko hai toh I could join you guys back home.  I reached 90 mins before time. Waiting for my manager to finish his meet. Had Chai at the store though.  A say it to rationalists too. It can be a subject of great intellect. 
Solid Chutiyapa. 30 mins and no bus.  Aalsi aadmi.  Saw 'The day India burned', a documentary on the Indian partition. Thank you 
Us din late ho gaya re hence the skip. When you back?  A special day today. My 1st day at job. Dedicate it to Steve Jobs. #RIP  God should at least be considered an allegory. 
If you are complaining about my pointless Tweets in the past few minutes, pray for the bloody Bus to arrive.  Fun. Fun. Fun.  Typos are mentally disturbing. Had one last to last tweet. Gosh. 
Things hormones can do RT NASA intern spent 7 years in Jhonny English, Yes papa.  Now that reminds me..need to do a read-up on Salman Khan from Khan Academy. The fellow is an MIT and Harvard alumni it seems. 
prison after having sex on a bed full of DMed you..  Now everybody like Salman Khan. 
stolen moon rocks.  Of course samjha, shaani!  The Engineer of this country is in many ways suggestive of the country itself. 
Not so gay Work/Personal life and of course you :D  Yup!  To start reading The Winning Way by Harsha Bhogle and his Mrs. Hope it is as good as the man himself. 
Kya baat RT 23s Copy cat!  I beg to disagree strongly. Priyanka Chopra may only be a treat to her fans who will take any word from her with glee. 
Prime Minister's address to the nation Oktoberfest in Banglore on the 10th and 11th November. I think they doing this just for me. #BeingDramatic  Gautam Buddha, the 9th and perhaps the most endearing avatar of Lord Vishnu indeed. 
will also be live on our YouTube With and Lunch and then movie.  Watched the most captivating episode of Jailed Abroad on NatGeo. 
channel -   All the very best. Nail it!  Did you notice? Baba Ramdev and Indian Engineers have one thing in common. They both do eveything but what they are meant to. 
'Dreamum Wakeupum' from Aiyya is nice. Albeit a cross breed between Ooh La La and and Kolaveri.  This is a test tweet the successful execution of which means phone internet is now active.  Off to see the gods.. 
I have started to dislike people more easily.  Here for a 2 month internship! Ping me your no da..  The place is a 3 minute ride from my house. Nice place. 
Btw, the new Twitter app for the iPad sucks. Big time.  Thanks!  2 paper zindagi ke.. 
Also, I can argue how the palm gesture is not a very effective way of capturing Screenshot #JustSaying  Super. Great 1st experience so far.  Award ceremonies should be banned. 
Not completely but yes, more attention will be awesome.  Got a new sim too.  I repeat. 'I shouldn't be alive' on Discovery. Everyday. 10:00 pm. Do watch. 
Isn't that the Thair saadam finishing gesture? #TamBrahm  Met a cinematographer in the train. Gave 50 bucks extra to the muslim ric driver. Super climate. Super hosting by friends. I feel real good.  I finally found something to add to my wish-list. Treck the Grand Canyon. 
The last Tweet was sent by Siri, of course on her Master's instructions.  Last tweet from Bombay. At least for 2 months.  CSK desreve it for their sheer consistent excellence. Very clinical in their performance.Always. 
Hello how are  Thanks! :) Also, any updates on Mr Vadukut?  The disappointment called Gayle. 
Siri is Time Pass. No location support for India. Indian accent not recognized best.  Thank you so much!  I think is a talented boy. Very talented. 
True.. Google maps is still the best option.  Will be there by tomorrow's night. Also about the 'baring' part, better said than done.  A.R Rahman. Mick Jagger. Band. Kuch bhi. 
iOS 6 has been upgraded. Still reviewing. Early word: OK upgrade for India.  My alcohol vow might have to wait actually to be solemnly followed.  A.R Rahman. Mick Jagger. Band. Kuch bhi. 
Fanboygiri aside, let me know how you like the S3 in comparison to the iPhone.  Dear Banglore, please bare with me.  Stanley ka Dabba. Like most good things in life - Simple. Brilliant movie and yes, thats my school! 
Continuous Hiccups after ages. Kaun yaad kar raha hai bhai?  Such a huge girl gang. Enough reason to give Bigg Boss 5 a skip.  Life bahut simple hai. Really. 
Hope you enjoy the downgrade. Cheers!  A very audacious decision move #BiggBoss5  If everyone did what they want to, the world would be an arrogant place. 
Haha. A billion dollar copyright lawsuit must be lfought!  Worth a watch!   Romaticising*. Apologies. 
Hahaha..I am following the man now!  The making!   People love romantisizing. 
Kya baat. Kya baat. Kya baat. RT MNS supports FDI in retail: Raj Thackeray.  #BritishRajTweets Now following  Yes. Do not forget you are talking to a founder of a start-up that very exclusively caters to the Engineering market :P 
Matheran! Ek saal pehle..  Gandhi was scared of me: Jinnah in his book, Controversially Yours #BritishRajTweets  Engineers and Engineering. The most productive scams of India. 
oh. The statement was quite true anyway. Was wondering what got the realization.  #BritishRajTweets How many Dalits here?  Lovely. I realized I have a penchant for profanity.  
Aye..Ki ho gaya?  Remember, A male pornstar never fakes it.  I shouldn't be alive. Nice series on Discovery. Very nice. 
Lovely. Kuch toh gadbad hai Daya..  I will stop sending jets to London for my sandals #Mayawati #BritishRajTweets  Why Cricket can never become India's National sport..  
But she was Bengali!  Few suggestions..Follow doe's awesome quizzes every morning..  Shame.  
All Pritam tracks only mainly. I remember the guy and the guy too! Qazi aur Rex bhi the usme :P  Welcome, and stay!  An open letter to Rickshawwallahs..  
I knew this Singer Arijit Singh of Barfi & Agent Vinod fame had to be a reality show contestant.  Dear Rain Gods, we can sit across and negotiate but please stop this.  Muslim of Pakistani origin hits a Hindu bowler for a 6 in the final over.The British manage to draw.We are witnessing 1947 all over again. 
I am honored for a change.  I am not liking your tweets. Hope to meet and hear from you.  Sheer non-sense.One can't possibly call Sivamani by 'The drummer of Chennai Super King fame'.He is everything but that and all above that. 
Really. Such a brilliant piece to be associated with!  Ui ma!  Maybe a loud statement to make but Slumdog Millionaire does seem to be part of a propaganda. 
Hey da..Din't know your name featured in the credits..In fact din't know about the involvement itself..Mail wagera likha karo.  I'm sure you do. I was referring to the previous tweet of the universe conspiring to fuck you over or something.  The only reason I wish God came on earth was to explain the concept of religion to his mortal creation. 
Super movie!  Time to sleep. Have a super busy day ahead and of course, the departure to Banglore the next day.  The concept of an award is flawed. 
I have a male senior from college posting multiple pics of his pet cat. Hmmm. Trying hard to not judge.  Is this related to your conspiracy theory?  How about McD Bandra?You should know best.. 
Just came across a Parrot card fortune teller. I am going to try this on my way back. Just for fun.  Dhing tang Dhing tang Dhing tang dish!  #AwesomeAds  Asin is annoying.Miranda ad is even more.A lot more.Sheer non-sense.Not even Bingo type positively crazy. 
Aaja yahaan pe fir!  Never seen that before. Great work.  What bloody sense does a 0p/sec telecom plan make?! 
Sabaash!  Bloody lucky!  90 minutes from Powai to Andheri West.90 fucking minutes. #Chutiyap #BombayTraffickiMKC 
Look at Tamil girls these days too..Drink alcohol and do what not! :P  Bumped into this Super!  #AwesomeAds  Oh, Great.So how do we go about the exchange? 
It seems these guys are on strike. No way I can reach office economically. Working from home!  I vividly remember that one.  The Roadies Auditions are very revealing.My generation worries me a little. 
Bhenchod. BMTC no show for an hour! WTF?  He did dance!  Anyone here with Ajay-Atul collection?I love the Marathi duo's work.Supreme stuff. 
Wiki this. Super story. RT Medina gave birth at age of 5, Haha!  #AwesomeAds  I would still call India a Sone ki Chidiya. 
youngest known mother in history.  Lovely one that!  Dug it up from m Tweet history! Thanks nevertheless :) 
This guy is Harvard educated it seems. Chutiya.    #Remember #AwesomeAds  Break.Quad. 
'If at all I knew, I would never have done an MBA'   Look who features in here!  #AwesomeAds  Loved the new Vodafone Mobile Portability ad.Absolutely adore the jingle too.I think it is dream branding.#O&MBrilliance 
Nice date with at Now that the girl has grown, a beer date sometime perhaps! :)  How can we forget this!  #AwesomeAds  haha!I agree..Also, got Olives today.Do collect. 
House's chicken equal to lentil.. #EnglishDialogues  And now Ram Sampath in renewing the faded success with Har Ek Friend..  Sachin Tendulkar, Lata Mangeshkar, Piyush Pandey, Sonu Nigam and A.R Rahman have such wonderful profiles.They should apply for an MBA no? 
Elephant's teeth is different for eating and different for showing.. #EnglishedDialogues  This one even better  #AwsomeAds  "Kya hai meri manzil, samaj gaya dil.Zyaada karo na ishara mujhe." 
Classes ki Faaltugiri nahi..Aapki chutiyagiri kahiye janaab..  This came in 1985 it seems!   Tushar Bhatia and Harris Jairaj.Wonder what happened after their respective splendid Bollywood debuts.Super msyterious disappearences. 
I put my hand on Gita and eat promise #EnglishedDialogue  Jingle primarily but the entire 'Humara Bajaj' campaign is one of advertising's biggest success stories in India.  Good Morning.It seems by the time I could reach college, we are done for the day.#FinalYearKarma 
'Na Roop Kaam Aata Hai, Na Jhoot Kaam Aata Hai, Na Jaati kaam Aati Hai Na Baap Ka Naam, Sirf Gyann Hi Aapko Aapka Haq Dilata Hai'  And perhaps the mother of them all   Hey!Remember the Fifa Soundtrack you sent me a long while ago that very closely resembled my handle?Can I have the link again? 
Kaise ho bhai? Seem to be travelling a lot..We need to touch base..  I found that too wanting to be cute.  Dear Twitter, there is criminal waste of space in your new interface. 
Bharat mata ki jai!   I am becoming an online purchase fan.  One need not be socially accepted nor socially rejected. 
Without seeing, I assumed Shankar and Anvesha.  One of my all time favourites   Totally disliking everything about this movie called Turning 30.Hope the others like it though. 
Not too sure how I missed reading this before..  I would bless you with countless Karma points. Is there a channel on Youtube or something?  Bijness.Bijness.Bijness. 
Without looking at the pic I assumed it was Shankar and Anvesha.  I see the MICA logo :P  Back.If you care that is. 
Nephew or Niece?  No Comments :P  Chutiyaps can be so annoying. 
Haan!  #EpicChildhoodAds   Directly heading to Smokin Joes for a Pizza on arriving at Bombay. 
DP rombu piduchidu!  I do not dismiss the possibility of the other interpretation (If I know what you refer to)..  Bombay, you are such a darling.Trust me. 
I think Cinema plays the biggest cultural influence and culture in turn plays biggest character influence..  Arre..it was more of a desperate attempt to get a TamBrahm girl home I guess :P  End of a trip..Beginning of a journey.. 
Pretty much a start to the end of this nation.   I'm sure she knows already..:P  Also, it seems these SSN souls have their results coming out today.My best wishes.#nenfirstdot 
That's where my house is! Thanks for the update.  Amma asked me to find a Tamil girl in Banglore #Epic #NoKidding  The nice Electrical guy helping with the arrangements ordered for 2 Rajnikant tees.First dot.First customer. #nenfirstdot 
Career crisis are a very poetic thing to have unless you take it very seriously. Otherwise it gets too dramatic.  I saw that first thing after coming home! :)  This SSN College campus is big.Real big.Suggestive of the Engineering population of this country. #nenfirstdot 
All the best for both the projects, Sir! Looking forward to YPD 2!  Recommending a few ads :   I love this Tweet roll-up happening at the Auditorium.Need to talk to the technical guys after the show. #nenfirstdot 
Not too great. How about you?  Yes, hope we end up meeting though.  At Chennai.Feels good. 
Good for you :D  Engineering skills will be showcased full-on. #LastMinutePrep for a 2 month trip.  My Co-passenger is apparently from Delhi.She received and made at least 589 Phone calls since yesterday. 
Yes, and all souls akin. Also, their parents.  What is this about?  En rote Chennai for the NEN First Dot Conference. 
Our strongest guess!  Miseries continue. Got robbed off my phone.  Today for some reason has been one of my better days in life. 
23 only. He took a year off.  He shall join us when we go Hollywood!  Little known fact.Ashutosh Gowariker has his share of singing in the song too RT Pal Pal Hai Bhaari, of course. #favARRsongs 
A 23 year old studying boy owning a Limo is plain vulgar display of wealth.  With this start-up called Chai Point as primarily in their 'Institutional Sales' team.  Gurus of Peace-Chanda Sooraj #favARRsongs 
I hate people who are perennially happy on Social Media.  Going to Banglore for a 2 month internship. Not even my mom would want to read my autobiography so it is no that.  Mangal Pandey title Track #favARRsongs 
Since yesterday, Sherlyn has kind of thrown herself into the ring.  Better start *writing* the book. #NoteToSelf.  ?"I am an Entrepreneur.That's what you are called when you don;t have a job"- Ted Turner, Media Moghul, Founder, CNN 
Are we following Sherlyn Chopra's tweets? Outrageous stuff for any society!  Why don't we hear more from Sneha Khanvilkar?  A very vehement post to hit blog very soon. 
Failing. Miserably.  I want become a Member of the Parliament someday!  You deserved it brother.I did nothing.Trust me.Gof bless. 
Kya hua re?  Ise Nazariya nahi, common sense kehte hai :p  Have to reply to a lot of tweets..will do that in a while.. 
Your Twitter name closely resembles Kirti Khopkar #JustSaying  You have forgotten, lives in one of the more expensive locations of India's most celebrated city.No gao.  By far one of the better presentations I have been subjected to.Excellent ppt.This L&T Tamilian guy is a brilliant speaker. 
Fuck yaar. Just not the best of times!  Yes. Also, one spot boy is going to his gao for Diwali it seems.  The problem that the world faces today is people.We should have all been animals. 
I am telling you, Priyanka Gandhi will be the PM candidate from UPA for '14 elections.  Saw a friend miserably drunk.I have been a responsible drinker so far though. But challenging self is fun!  Got a Business card made for myself.Can't stop adoring it.Looks good.Only if the owner looked half as good.Sigh. 
A very Good Morning to everyone! An early start to the day. Feels nice and positive. Should work towards making it a routine.  Shaid bhai! Let's wait for all the crew members to arrive at Banglore first :p  Also, my Start-up made it to NEN's list of Top 30 student start-up's in India.Will be Chennai'ng on the 10th and 11th now. 
I don't get the point of hanging Kasab. If I was directly affected, perhaps I would.  Ek short film banana toh banta hi hai. What say?  Early start to the day.In college at 7:30 am. 
I will add a cliche to the Bucket list : Travel around the world.  How are you placed today and tomorrow?  Back. 
'Life in a Day'. 1080p. Retina Display. Beautiful. Absolutely!  Bombay TamBrahms are a species of their own. Nothing like their family down South.  How are? 
Just going to our store at the Bangalore Airport re. Nowhere else.  2 months of Rehabilitation at Banglore.  Love Gulaal and Natrang for their sheer power. 
Wait, what do you refer to?  The Panic button has officially been pressed.  In a quest for ultimate power. 
Ok, there is a slight chance that I have crossed the stop I had to get down at by a long mile. Not too sure.  I desperately need to play a game of cricket.  Off to sleep.Hope to wake up alive to witness another day.Shabba Khair. 
Hi, in an impromptu plan, I am now travelling to another city.It's called Bangalore International Airport.  Din't quite get the reference.  The first 15 years of growing of a child are of utmost importance. 
Keep liking those lovely female friends' pics on FB. Eye candy for my otherwise insipid TL :D  Yes.  America lady, Linad, barred from entering Jagganath temple.Ill treated by Pandits.Intolerable.Shameful.A blot on Indian culture system. 
I bet 70% of 's tweets start with 'So'..  I swear on Sourav Ganguly, I quit alcohol.  Christianity beckons the 2nd coming of Jesus too.I am telling you, the world is in its tail phase.Pralay is here. 
In Wiki's defence, your page doesn't say IITB anyway. Wiki does a good job with rare free knowledge  Today's TOI: MBA hangs herself after suffering depression from love marriage.  My eyes were on the embarrassed kid throughout the recital. 
Life ij going on! What are you upto?  Happy Heart's Day folks!  The Prithvi Cafe session was great.Highlight being the 'Maa main tujhse Shaadi karna chahta hoon' poem by a lady for her 6 year old son. 
They adored him in the previous episode. They loathe him in the recent one.  I did a KRK. #CrapBlocked a soul. Thank you sir, You are such an inspiration.  Indian postal service I tell you.Kolkota mai maal pahuchaya.Pune nahi.On enquiring about the status, they say 'We do not keep track'. 
:D  I was forboding. Never thought I would ever have to use that word when I read it first.  I need to change my display pic.I do not even look like this for most of the year. 
Aisa kya?  I was better off as a kid. I unnecessarily tried growing up.  The Mahabharatha is so deeply etched in the Indian value system.Not Hindu.Indian. 
I want! For revision.  I am a man full of imperfection. Far from achieving any excellence. #Introspection  Di!The new cut looks good..looking forward to have a closer look.. 
Relentless screwing happening.  Those who find peace have achieved all.  Daaaaaaaaarrrrrrlinggg.. 
What was that? You are forcing us to classify you :D  My people list has had an editing.  Holy shit.Muslim of Indian origin susupected of terror plotting in London.Never thought I would hear and I wish he comes out clean. 
Milti toh kya main Twitter pe TP karta?  Breaking news: 5 year waist size of 32 has been broken. 34 it is now.  God, can you please confirm whether 2012 is actually our end?I need to plan 2011 accordingly.. 
Bombai se gayi Poona..Poona se gayi Dilli..Dilli se gayi Patnaaaaa..  I think I saw a man lying dead on the street. Hope he wasn't.  Sandaas is such a word. 
I Am going to chill with beer at home and eat home food. I was just talking about a Desert outing!  My 2nd Flipkart delivery today. Have too many books to read. Looking forward.  Youl have a poetic side baba.Make use of it, gifted people. 
If not upto much, ghar aaja TP karenge and will pester for an ice-cream ride somewhere..  Thanks. Any recent Biography too? He has an Autobiography which ain't too recent..  I personally wouldn't mind the least bit if they shut Facebook but kept this place on.But the bijnessman in me would. 
Din't we all giggle at 'India is my country. All Indians are my brothers and sisters' ?  Need to read on Imran Khan, Pakistan. Any book suggestions you may have?  I will seal that.Next visit, we leave from college only.Perhaps the 2 of youl can recite too. 
After a while, you get used to it #Bangalore  Oh yes! :)  I need to understand these Rickshaw laws.. 
Enjoy maadi!  We all collaboratively fit into each other scheme of things some day #DreamsAreGood  Contemplating to write on Vegetarianism next.. 
Whattay beautiful DP!  So is advertising where you headed? If yes, I feel excited..  Not aware of caferatti.. 
I am still a little lost though.Anyway, jo bhi ho, achcha aur profound hi hoga :P  Which one? Link please?  Its a nice peaceful poem recital session that occurs every month.Nice evening. 
You mean, 'Someone owes you something they can't pay you?' I think you confused your thinking a bit here..:P  Waah..He might recognise you..Bol usko Chennai main tha..  I want to earn a lot of money.A lot.Very soon. 
Just hope it doesn't get on to you though. Quite possible I say. :D    Yes.I know the reason to your surprise..I will be a mere spectator..chill..:) 
Not too big a Grammar Nazi but a small part of you does die when you hear/read ' I din't knew that'..  Read this  and then this   No really..awaiting a Manmohan Singh to happen to Indian Television.. 
Main kya Good Morning ji..  Definitely da...Vijay will be coming for a couple days during October end..  Wine/Beer session at Swinburn's place followed by Prithvi Cafe open mic..should be a good day.. 
Judging by the kind of people who call themselves 'Crazy', I don't think I have properly understood what the word means..  Now that you have come, *Stay*!  Madhuri Dixit emanates such warmth. 
If at all interested   There was a Business tycoon's son and a Bollywood celeb involved. I had to get into the details.  Somebody needs to tell her Ashmit Patel barely qualifies as Hindustan. 
How much time did you spend on coming up with that? Honestly batao.  It does. There is no bulge in the strap because of his hand. The hand seems disproportionate. There is a smudge too.  People go to Goa and not have it's famous Pan Masala.Sha. 
Every soul needs to put up a solid fight against self at least once!  In fact, on closer look, one can easily make-out the digital morphing.  I will soon read.All that I missed. 
:)  havna Talwar..Nice..Dude..I am not willing to be convinced of the other pic's authenticity.  Arjuna's parrot eye tale from the Mahabharatha is inspiring. 
Main sharaabi, Main sharaabi, Main sharaabi..  Movie by?  Not really, but when I do all at once, I want to be treated well!:D 
Yaar, yeh Honey Singh ke gaane solid TP hai..  Can't find. Link bhej.  No, certainly not.I have been extensively using mobile net for over a year now. 
The only set of Indians I have and shall continue having sympathy for are the Northeast souls. True 'Paavams' as a TamBrham would say.  Matlab Ra.One will have to be be watched alone.  God bless Google.It automatically formats web pages for mobile viewing. #Awsomeness 
That 'Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaak' moment when you spend hours on an Excel and it gets corrupted.  October 26th ko tum log Banglore main rahega kya?  Please take pains and write. 
Nice to see you here ma'am! Hope to regularly read from you.  Raghu Dixit hai music..  The presenter calls Piyush Pandey the 'Sachin Tendulkar of advertising industry'.I thought he was the Piyush Pandey of advertising world. 
Link please? Youtube main nahi mil raha.  Not really. He is still India's biggest Bollywood brand and consistently on the top. Just cannot write him off.  Watching Piyush Pandey and his start team at O&M.Super stars these people are. 
Just like her Chitti.  Champ aadmi hai yaar..  Can't get over Vishal Bharadwaj's score for 7 Khoon Maaf. 
Yeah, right. Brownies kidhar hai?  But saala Shahrukh hai. All the misses get covered.  Not yet.I am seriously considering retirement. 
#TwitterIn1947 Het guys, check out my new DP. Oh wait, you will find it in your money soon anyway.  I liked Dildaara from Ra.One. Good song.  And Bombay, the land of MNS scandals RT Can safely say that India is a land of MMS Scandals. 
#TwitterIn1947 Nathuram Godse : I will wait till Jan next year.  Lage Raho..Bomanbhai! Love your quizzes and hope you got my answer too :)  Christmas ka Swayamvar #MarryChristmas 
I think Vilasrao served as CM of Maharashtra for most of my growing. Feels bad to learn of his demise. Rest in Peace!  It's been a good day.  En route a friend's place who was for some reason named 'Swinburn' by his parents.Nevertheless, Merry Christmas folks! 
I *love* it!  But obvious da! Goes without saying, doesn't it? :)  Just saw the 1st teaser of Vishal Bharadwaj's Saath Khoon Maaf with Priyanka Chopra.Good cinema.Great cinema. 
Your recent tweets remind me of Suggestively Clandestine.  This was through NEN. MCA junta. Nice people.  The symbol for 'Zero' is pure genius.One ends where one begins. 
I din't know weed was called Ganja.  Wait a minute..You were referring to your mom or your friends' moms wrt you?  So says Tees Maar Khan is 'Ok'.I was expecting this one to be a blockbuster.Sha. 
I din't know weed was called Ganja.  Same pinch!  Great people are generally not good leaders. 
Not the most pleasant start to a Monday morning. Hope rest of the day compensates.  For those who care: I leave for Banglore next Monday. Won't return for 2 months.  Also loved the guy's mild demeanour. #AmitTrivedi 
Yeh Fatima Bhutto se pehchaan kara do koi..  Had a wonderful interactive session with over150 students from Thakur College.  Amit Trivedi.Eccentric.Brilliant.Genius. 
The No Smoking act is shaping decently.  Way too much happening here. Will send a mailer notifying all that. The letter is pretty much in mind.  Your class people only. 
Saala, Zeishaan ko ek shabd bolne nahi diya. Good watch anyway.   You are deceived :)  And also, I was always made to believe that making quick decisions is a good thing. 
Very superficial achievement of success that. That way most of our parliamentarians are successful people.  I am one of the most under-confident people you could find.  I barely criticize you see. 
Of course not! One may become the CEO of a big company and then be ousted for poor performance. Still successful? Countless egs..  I can afford to be all but unhappy with my work.  When they call us Man and wife, I am sure they mean you the wife.There is a world beyond crticizing me, darling :p 
How can simply bagging a job make someone successful?  What is with all my friends' mommies being confident about the choices I'd make?  Now what is that supposed to mean?I am aam aadmi..cannot understand such slangs :p 
Aha! We made a point!  I will be getting some affordable item you may like. Please accpet my modest offering :p #SudamaKrishna  Is that a good thing or what dear? 
Ek movie saath main kar lo please. Cameo hi sahi.  Also, this Sohail Sen is slowly climbing the ladder. The chap has bagged Ek Tha Tiger. All this with just decent work #JustSaying  Yes you are. 
It seems Ambedkar is the greatest Indian after Gandhi   At Spice Lane with cousins. Should be a nice beerful night.  There is still hope.I refuse to believe. 
Pakistan main abhi bhi Hindu rehte hai?   Added to To-do list.  Just read a little from 'Hindu Calendar Art' at crossroads.Should buy this today. 
Dila Teer Bija..  So was right.  The reception to music is better in Pakistan.Atif is known for his classical form there.Here, popular for thrash Bollywood lifted tracks. 
I lost a little respect for Salman after his remarks on GoW. Not that he cares.  I love Shankar movies.  People decorate themselves.Christmas tree decoration. 
As thin as an iyer, humare piya..  Yup!  Strings at MoodI today.Cant miss this one.In a long queue for passes. 
If not for cuss words, the world would be a frustrated place.  I can't wait too. 2 months of absolute wonder I anticipate.  Pakistan is musically superior.Coke Studio will never work in India. 
Certainly bad when you are a very pretty 23yr old single girl. Waste.  Thanks re! I will be troubling you some time from the 3rd of October..:p  The 'Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar' contest.  
That Awkward moment when your mom asks you to watch an episode of 'Parvarish' on Sony because it had some cute sibling fight.  Someday the entire animal kingdom will scheme up to wipe of humans off this earth and very rightly so.  There is something about these old songs.They have such a prevailing appeal. 
Eh..Ek aur chance de na..Kachcha limboo yaar..Baskya..#WorldToChina #Olympics  I kind of like my present unusually short hair and clean shaven look.  Shaniyan onion. 
:D  I do. What is it?  You are benevolent and very optimistic too. 
Food n Beverage..  Was to inform you..  All of a sudden, 21 feels young. 
Aaah.Any FNB business always thrives.  I realized, I have *never* had the opportunity to be proud of anyone.  Why is that? 
I am looking to read it for long. Is it free at the iOS bookstore?  Also, does your phone still principally remain on silent?  Kuch bhi kya. 
See. She is still the 'Apple' of your eye. Not Samsung or Android.  Jagjit Singh is dead? Any confirmation?  So somebody told me the other day I should start a Tamil Shiv Sena..I have that much Tamil pride it seems.. 
Just unfollowed a dude. Cannot take excessive and purposeless sports tweeting clubbed with annoying usage of 'lads anymore.  Amitabh's oratory prowess. #Legendary #GodLike  These mails of appreciation one gets are way too kind and can be supreme starts to ones mornings. 
Govt to North junta : So what? As if you don't forget to pay Electricity bills..  With all due respect, I think the Rain Gods have lost it.  You bet! 
Very unusual for your bus to take a detour 2 straight days no?  Govt did not bother responding to any of my 15 RTIs. Hmm..  I love Christians and Christmas. 
#PornHasTaughtMe Patience. #InternetSpeedInIndia  Not quite the case.  'PM is a man of incredible integrity' 
#PornHasTaughtMe Biology and 'cleared my history' #EveryBoy'sStory  Beer. #GreaterInventionsOfMan  The new Idea cellular campaign is good. 
If you haven't tweeted that, you must deny loud. Atrocious behaviour by perpetrators.  Traditional walk to the airport now. #GoodTimes  The contest requires some brainstorming..Since you already volunteered to, I thought I'd inform.. 
Well, it does have one which reads 'I will not hire someone who uses poor grammar' (And too many Fair enoughs?)  Mc Donalds product pricing. #Respect  I left him out for the same reason I left Sachin out of the list.These are god like figures.Not mortals. 
If you consider the tweet in reply to which the URL was posted and the read the URL too, you get the context.  Yes, that. If it makes you feel better.  I left him out for the same reasin I left Sachin out of the list.These are god like figures.Not mortals. 
  At Prithvi Cafe with  Akhil Kumar.Nice bugger. 
I know *exactly* what you refer to :D  :|  Also, launching a contest tomorrow.Please note. 
For some inexplicable reason, the demise of Rajesh Khanna has had some effect on me. Blame it on my following of Bollywood I guess!  B.E.V.D.I  Madhuri, Aishwarya, Hrithik, Abhishek, Dravid and Kumble..such well behaved and cultured celebs.Rare virtue.Extremely rare. 
Main apni nahi, ki baat karraha hoon. Please refer to his previous tweet and read before you start bakchoding.  True. But the man has so much to him, there are so many brilliant acts that have to forcibly feature lower than the rest.  Satisfying burger for just 25 bucks.For too many years now.I like em for that. 
We have an MBA talking. Awesome 'English Breakfast' it seems. Let us not forget out Upma/Poha breakfast days.  But Satte pe Satta is copied.  Do I see the Facebook bubble burst? Yes, I do.. 
Get to know the 'Procedure' quick. You will have an upper hand.  Nope. Not yet. But I do know the scene. Epic scene from Hindi cinema.  Oh..captivating book that..Love the mythological relevance..Awaiting 2nd book with a lot of anticipation.. 
But does Aushmann want to meet you?  I must confess that I have given in at times.  We did a few bulk order for your college.Also, blokes from your Sindhi college did buy a few annanymous. 
I am seldom poetic but this Rainfall and Moora from # Gow2 combo is just splendid.  All should be fine within a day's time.  Ghanta.Ask people, they will strongly protest :p 
Yesterday's back to back classic cinema viewing with seems to have left a magical after effect. I love movies!  Russel Petermaniam #InterestingTamilNames  Karmik Connection my boy. 
Oye! Bangalore no de..  Christoper Fernandeswamy #InterestingTamilNames  No.Certainly not.Connecting and appealing well is. 
I must be old.   Mr Jasvinder Singharaman #InterestingTamilNames  I repeat.Danette Smoothies are Class excellent products.Must try.20 bucks.Rare to find such quality emphasis. 
These Guwhati incident pictures have depressed me.  Mr Guptamani #InterestingTamilNames  Creativity is never the secret to good advertising I think. 
When do you release the music of Part 2 ?  I am interested in starting this #InterestingTamilNames Tag...  HUL is such a marketing whore. 
Err..! Yes, there was..Heroes..  Sheri di Kaum Tamilian #YesInTamil #SpeedySignharaman  Indian Television industry is in a mess. 
Zaroor, bhai. Kabhi aa raha hai?  Choices are the single most important point of control you have on your life.  Indias got talent and a lot of street shit too. 
Waah. Kya baat hai. 42.  Teleportation can solve almost all worldly problems.  Today evening at Shanmukanand Hall for a classic classical session with Shankar Mahadevan, Zakir Hussain, Sivamani and Niladri Kumar. 
My bad. I meant my office is bang opposite the hall!  For some reason, your absence is being felt.  Thanks mate!Will be glad to have souls join in.Which college are you from? 
My opposite is bang opposite the hall!  Main Zindagi ka saath Nibhata chala gaya..#SongsForMe  The return of the KT #EngineeringMovies #GaandMainDanda 
Glad to find your presence here! Great admirer of thy talent. Just to add to the zillion compliments : GoW is genius work.  Reminds me. When does EMDC start?  Heard my namesake Aditya Thackeray speak today for the first time.Speaks very well.Thats about it. 
Or it questions the value of education imparted by the system..  Dear dreams, You might have to wait a little to be reallized.  At 's budday bash.Alcohol overdose.Supreme party.God bless you dear.Love you. #BeerisGod 
I'm sure you haven't had one in Bangalore yet.  I think have MBA traits. I can complicate things pretty easily.  Oh yes.Pardon me.Will call you today evening. 
Welcome back!  I think I will need to take up the job just so I can pay my phone bill for the past few days.  Also, the designs can be checked at www.annanymous.in 
Thanks! Wonder where you got it from if not from the net.  I think it is some dancing people thingy.  Sure.Where do you reside? 
If the response here to the mere mention of it is anything to go by, I must be in for a great time  Nikhil Chinappa has the bulging vein at the exact same place on the forehead as you.  little point.They'v stopped Cheese Burst.They have something called Double Burst now which is almost inedible. 
Started following my 2nd ever English TV series. #Sherlock  The one peril of being a thinker is that you think.  I have a confession to make.My association with Dominos Pizza ends.Sorry but after what youll did we Cheese Burst, I dint have an option. 
Chakala meal on me!  Why so cynical brother? Main hoon na :p  McDonalds now at Saki Naka.I should be one of the happier souls in the worl presently. 
The best part about having friends studying in Amreeka is that Apple products ka jugaad ho jaata hai.  The most authoritative statement I have ever made: Being a successful entrepreneur is the equivalent of professional Nirvana. Remember.  The arses.The Bamboos.The Gods.The Bless. 
Arre Harvard and IIM souls re. Hawaa nikaal kar dete hai yeh.  Bahut kuch ho raha hai yaar..call karta hoon..Also, go for the summit if you have absolutely nothing to do and want a break..  Padhai mere bas ki baat hi nahi. 
Sure.  The decision ain't over till it's over ;)  Shashank Redemption #HinduMovies 
Quoting our gaavwaali Vidya Balan from Dirty Picture 'Entertainment Entertainment and Entertainment'.  Thanksa bhai but this time mazaa nahi aa raha yaar. He has got me thinking hard.  Amar-Akbar aur Anthony ki maa ki ***** #HinduMovies 
Nahi yaar. I am in a disciplinary mess! Need to sort myself a bit. Especially with all these smarties around!  Today will go down as the weirdest day of my life.  I'm a Babri Girl #HinduMovies 
I think we should spare our mutual followers and take this ahead at Gtalk/Skype.  I am interested in knowing what Karma I carried from last life.  #noonelikesyoubecause You do not have a 'Like' button. #Sorry 
Chai Point is doing great! Not too sure how I am doing here though.  My mom puts Molgha Podi on Maggi. #TamilOregano  Muslims are a part of India.Islam has major contributions to Indian culture.Indian muslims are Indians only. 
Aila! Pata nahi yaar..Dekhte if there is a change of plan..and we could Gtalk for more info on your Amreeki plans?  Sohal Sen pleasantly surprises me with 'Kaisa yeh Ishq hai..' from My Brother ki Dulkan..  Heylo.My interview.  
I cant believe the power it holds! Bill Clinton lost his Presidency because of it. :P  Just heard Adnan Sami play the keyboard. Absolutely supreme stuff. The man is a total Master. #SuperRespect  15 should be declared as official age of retirement from studies. 
You mean Bombay right? Amreeka not too sure :P I am planning to make an early August visit. You will still be around?  Shit happens. Now let's get through this :)  The Himalaya is such a wonderful career option. 
WTF man?! Even I want to become President now.  Super empty buses! What is happening, Mumbai?  Sunday is one of the 7 other pathetic days of the week. 
And also, I hear of Amreeka plans happening. Where exactly and what?  Hope you get out of this soon and hey I'm sure your still a 'good' kid,,  So No one Killed Jessica is musically Amit Trivedi.I think the fellow is real brilliance. 
Haha! There you go..#OestrogenPower  Makers of Modern India by Ramchandra Guha.  Poor Kashmir and its really beautiful people. 
And you got 100 odd followers post the change?  Think of how you would react to it looking back 10 years down the line. You would perhaps smile. #FukkatFaltuGyaan  It will be interesting if they play Apsara Aali when the stewardess arrives. 
It is impossible to survive in this chaotic country without abusing.  I doubt I'd ever finish writing my book because for that I would need to start first.  Aila Plane! #InFlightMarathiAnnouncement #EpicSachinAd 
Since when did we Indians start taking cuss seriously?  Shera de kaum Punjabi #SongStuckInMyHead  #NowPlaying Dhakka laga bukka from Yuva.Classic Rahman. 
Quite honestly, I enjoy this Rowdy Rathore type Cinema.Bollywood is an interesting industry. Just like the country that homes it.  I can help you with a few books..  Phas gaye re Obama is Super Hit it seems..Hmm.. 
What is it that you exactly flaunt in your DP?  :)  Abusing is such a wonderful vent.We should try tracing the origin to it.Whosoever swore first was an ingenious fellow. 
Ek President chunne ko itna mach mach?  I doubt it will. The man is all but submissive.  That is so typically me.Marketing pimp. 
The 2 roomies have the gone. I now have the entire room to the myself.  I can empathize with Indira Gandhi's zest for power.  Yaaru? 
Din't know of the Dubai bit! Jaldi aao! Ping me a day before you come! :)  About your Mama status, who got a child?  And these brands want us to believe that these roadies contestant type Delhi models are actually dentists. 
Get back from?  #NowWatching INDIRA :25 Years After A PM's Assassination..  Teri maa ki Tweet #TwitterAbuse 
yup! Super movie!  Would you like to elaborate?  Duniya.Duniya dwellers.Everyone. 
Thankoo!  Uneasy watching Satish Shah balding with snow white hair. 
Hehe..true..  Wow. Let's petition for today being declared as World Introspection Day, in case there ain't any yet. 
Got to work on making typo-less tweets from iPad on a bumpy bus.  Annanymousgiri. 
Nothing specific. Just a a conclusion feom multiple points of observation. If it maes you happier, Bombay perhaps has the best  Which is running crowded and plus the ritual. 
My strong guess is that Bengaluru has the worst culture for any cosmopolitan city in the world..  Where is it that you work, if I may know? 
haha..'Celebrity Tweet' et all..Sahi hai..  Blame it on the great Bombay Rickshawalah. I owe today to them. 
:D  All of Bombay is my home ;) 
Looking forward to see the characters in Shanghai. For some reason, this flick stimulates me more than Gangs of Wasseypur.  I tend to that at times. It helps. Really. 
I think I will join some dating portal soon.  Na. I will be fine. I also get to talk to myself and not realize the length of the journey:p 
Aaj night maarna padega boss.  Anybody else here with a liking for Mewad ice-cream? 
Friday last show is happening. Come. What. May.  I did this as a ritual at least once in every semester. Living old days. :) 
What is with your class people biting Water bottles? First and now you.  Half way through home at Powai from college at Andheri West. Walking. 
Just reached home! Kaam hai..should be up for another hour or two..  Today has been a dull day so far. 
Abbe soyi nahi ab tak?  Congrats bhai! 
Life is not about Nothing but Nothingness. #OkBye  The only time pings me, is to censure me. 
Jiye..Jiye..Jiye Bhutto Benazir..  If I ever turn a terrorist someday, blame it on the Rickshawallahs. 
"At the end, banning SRK from Wankhede Stadium is as futile as banning Sachin Tendulkar from Mehboob Studios" - Ganguly. I love this man.  Outside SIES college principal's office. #SisAttendanceJhol 
I think it's time to declare Indian Petrol Pumps as World Heritage bodies..  Took Twitter suggestions and followed new souls yesterday. 
When the Headline reads 'Bangalore IT Professsion murdered', that too a Km from your residence, a small part within you frets..  Arjun Rampal is the biggest beneficiary of Networking. 
  Everything about Ra.One is average. But it is SRK, so you never know. 
Haha..Gaali aur maar-peeth..hak hai boss..  How are you generally placed in a week? 
It beeped on utterance of 'M'. My guess is madarchod. Maa ki choot seems unfitting.  Have to visit sister's college tomorrow as she features in the attendance default list. Hmm.. 
Heard SRK brawls leaked audio. Impressed with the dude's abusing skills. 'Idhar hi gaad doonga Madarchod'. WHat delivery.  Can somebody go on a fast for the cause of Mumbai Rickshaw rides? 
If brawls can lead to bans, at least half of Dilli must be banned every day no?  Very true. 
Bahut Instagram Instagram ho gaya. Aaj download kar hi leta hoon..  I am in awe of his vision and thinking. Big time. 
Seven Speaking Tips That Beat “Pretend Your Audience Is Naked" | Psychology Today   My Very Hairy legs #ThingsILove 
I see..I will try it soon..  Ambedkar's banned speech on Casteism is a must read for liberal Hindus. Actually, Non-liberals too. 
You mean online puberty..  Want to watch that one too. 
Yes, you read it perfect! The Twitter app for iPad is just briliant..  Resumed Guha. Ambedkar now. 
I just did a random check-in on FB to show people that I can be cool too.  I read your tweets. Your lack of food story ain't very heartening. 
I am wanting to start a Facebook ethics classes. Any tutors willing to join the noble cause?  And I was kidding, we could meet othereise too. 
'Dil mera dhak dhak' is the chorus of a Kannada song.. #TrueStory  I eat egg though. Yes, we certainly need to. Let me know when you have some meal to offer :) 
Yeh Instragram kya hai? Nobody used it before FB's acquisition.  Visiting the Oktober fest has now been added high on my wish list. 
Oh, btw, I have started profile stalking pretty girls on Facebook.  I thought SRK is doomed after listening to it.Later, it seeped in slowly.. 
Kannada films need a serious makeover. I think the industry is in quite a mess.  You shall be blessed with brownie Karma points if you subject me to your veg or baking preps :) 
I think bhenchod should be declared as India's National gaali..  I have a thing for cooking. Never really got through experimental packet food meals and basic cooking. You cook? 
Why you should learn to lucid dream | Yes, I Can! by Robin Nixon   Chammak Challo.. 
Ki ho Gaya?  Me.. 
The New iPad is one of man's most beautiful creations I reckon..  Also, I saw Murder 2 and Shor in the City recently..Loved both.. 
Once a week depression has become a routine.  Hehe..come over..I will be glad to share.. 
Hehe..Not too sure if the loss will happen the same day..Will probably last a little longer..  Sphagetti with corn, olives and Sweet N Chilli Tomatto ketchup has been made and waiting to consume. 
This Sunday the kiddo joy of receiving a toy will be lived..  Yes, I have. Loathed it the 1st hearing and with time, have managed to not mind it. 
Lost my aviators. Again. Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaak.  I am sure was referring to our individual life happenings. 
I thought it was Amit Trivedi all while. Also, it has GV Prakash too. Rahman's nephew. Jaan-e-man fame.  Haha..your call..but I feel weirdly good when I learn, I scare you..:p Elaborate if possible.. 
En route to Bombay. Looking forward to a mental reset.  So 'The Girl in Yellow Boots' is certified good it seems. I need to watch this. 
Lovely! What portfolio exactly?  Thank you! 
Lovely offers there. Keep posting on any update!  Of course not. A war of majorly the 'Highest' strata of the Hindu caste syatem - Brahmins. 
DB being?  I was obviously being sarcastic there. Hypocrisy seeps in when the likes of SRK are involved. 
You mean?  So far so good. Efforts to grow beyond a 'Student Start-up' have begun. 
My sperms must be cursing my smoking..  The only change is, what used to be a traditional issue, has become an intellectual war now. 
I am as happy as the happiest cricket fan in the country but should Sachin retire? A definite Yes..  Akshay Kumar is a money-maker first. Actor second. 
Well not really..Especially if you are carrying electronic gadgets that weren't prepared for the eccentric outburst..  Religion fascinates me to the extent of study. I am telling you, Zamana kuch badal nahi raha hai. 
Very nicely said di!  From what I have read, gives a comprehensive insight into his Makers of Modern India. Completion will aid a better review. 
And the Rain Gods showed up here in Bangalore..  Around 35 mins ago, a friend was telling me abut his ill-behaved favouritist Tamilian manager.. 
Dear Debit Card, you were very strategically lost.  If I have to judge from my family and my friends', our community is far from being any secular.. 
