Chris Tucker was paid $25 million for his role in Rush Hour 3, which made him the highest paid actor in Hollywood at the time. 
These people are so obsessed with social media, they actually got (horrible) tattoos to prove it  
After 60 years of pregnancy a 92 year old woman in China delivered a stone. 
During the WWII Hitler distributed millions of meth tablets to his army to create super-soldiers. 
A study conducted by Harvard and Google conclude that the English language comprises of 1,022,000 words. 
In the 1100s, king of the Kenelcunil tribe, became king by having sex with a horse and then by killing and eating that horse. 
Hypnosis is altering the mental state of another, in order to direct their thoughts. How? Learn more>>  
Two real rival street gangs were featured in the music video of the song “Beat It” by Michael Jackson. 
Research shows that after the age of 90 the aging process stops, which means that a 100 year old is less likely to die than a 91 years old. 
In the movie Jurassic Park, the roar of the T-Rex was actually a combination of the sounds by a baby elephant, tiger and an alligator. 
WhatTheFFacts show: Episode 2 is LIVE  
Scientists have discovered a gene that influences the time you wake up each day and helps to identify the time of day you will die. 
A form of execution was performed in the ancient Rome that involved sawing a person in half starting from the groin while hung upside down. 
Celebrities with sex tapes:  
Animal in Zoos, to overcome the boredom use ways similar to humans such as by taking a nap or eating a snack. 
The 2011 earthquake in Japan has shortened the day on planet Earth by 1.8 microseconds. 
Kim Jong-Il had appointed girls who would routinely inspect each grain of his dinner rice to make sure it meets his standards. 
The tradition of men walking on the right side of women is such, so that they can easily pull out swords in case of a sudden attack. 
The chances of getting a prostate cancer in middle aged men is reduced to one third if they had 3 orgasms a week in their 20's. 
Once Eddie Van Halen tried to play the guitar solo for Michael Jackson's “Beat it” and the speakers in the studio suddenly burst into flames 
Addictions are tied to your zodiac sign. See what your zodiac sign is most likely to be addicted to:  
In 1987, when an Indian actor M.G. Ramachandran died, 30 of his fans committed suicide. 
You burn the same number of calories by laughing 100 times a day as you would from 10 minutes of rowing or 15 minutes of bike riding. 
When female Koala bears are made captives they engage in lesbian orgies and ignore any males present. 
Based on your sign, this is what zodiac sign you should be dating:  
Originally, in the story of Little Red Riding Hood, the wolf and the girl eat the flesh of the grandmother together. 
If you put caterpillars on a circular path they will keep on walking in circles until they die. 
The word "Fuck" is used 144 times in the South Park Movie including other 399 swear words. 
After oral sex if a woman secretly uses a man's semen to impregnate herself, the man is even then legally obliged to pay child support. 
A security firm HALO Corp offers special courses to people who wish to be trained better in case of a Zombie apocalypse. 
Every time you type “Who’s the cutest” into Google's search bar and press the “I’m feeling lucky” button, Google will say ‘You are!” 
If you were alive during the 90's, you'd be lying if you said you didn't eat this cereal!  
Shedding tears from the eyes of newborn babies isn’t possible as tears can’t be created or released until the baby is three weeks old. 
You can reduce the pain from a headache by rubbing a cut lime on your forehead. 
Sharks have the best immunity to diseases that are known to man and deadly diseases like cancer do not affect them at all. 
40% of the children who take up drinking as a habit before the age of 15 become alcoholics. 
It has been statistically proven that 70% of the people, who are already depressed, tend to listen to sad songs to “torture themselves”. 
The energy provided by a single chocolate chip is enough to enable an average adult to walk 150 feet. 
Blue colored ink has a much better response to your memory and you’re more likely to remember what you’ve written with it than without. 
He made tens of millions of dollars, but now he's broke  
In 1960, A Hungarian in Budapest called Janos Flesch played chess with 52 opponents, blindfolded, at one time and beat 31 of them. 
Anorexia is the most lethal psychiatric disorder with 5 deaths per 1,000 people with anorexia per year. 
These A-list Hollywood actors dropped out of high school  
An environmental movement called the Voluntary Human Extinction Movement tells people to stop having sex to slowly make humans go extinct. 
If struck directly on sand, the heat of a lightning bolt can turn it into glass! 
Roller Coasters offer such high levels of thrill that they give its riders boosts of sexual attractiveness. 
18th-century philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau defined masturbation as 'mental rape'. 
Porn star Ron Jeremy was a teacher with a bachelor’s degree in education and theatre, and a master's degree in special education. 
You can insure yourself against alien abduction,alien pregnancy and death caused by aliens. 
All breasts have the same number of nerve endings, no matter what their size is. This is also why smaller breasts are more sensitive. 
The most sensation-bringing and sexually stimulating spots on a woman's body  
 is a porn website for blind folks. 
If you're eating a food on this list, it's making you fat!  
King Fatefehi of Tonga deflowered 7 virgins every day for 14 staright years! That totals to 37,800 virgins! 
Chicken McNuggets, the Wendy’s Grilled Chicken Sandwich and KFC Grilled Chicken Sandwich all contain portion of beef. 
If you type “ ” in your browser, the browser will automatically take you to the “ ”. 
There is a 40% chance that you would die within the next 3 years if you sit more than 11 hrs a day. 
These foods will boost your brain power, and your sex drive  
Scientists concluded that the chicken came first not the egg: because the protein which makes egg shells is only produced by hens. 
Shakespeare was the first person in history to use the letter “U” as a substitute for the word “you”. 
If you observe a clock before going to bed, you’re going to have a hard time falling asleep. 
You are more likely to get mugged or even killed if you carry around an iPod, iPhone or any other Apple product. 
There exists a social networking and dating site exclusively for zombies called Zombie Passions. 
Before women start to menstruate, they are naturally more effective at sensing danger. 
Think you know all the lyrics to that one song? These are the most popular lyrics that people ALWAYS get wrong  
A “glowing” effect on a woman’s face can be seen when she makes contact with a male because of the significant rise in her body temperature. 
You can keep your scalp and hair strong and cleaner if you add vodka to your shampoo and apply it during a bath. 
A study suggests alcoholic students perform better in exams if they stay drunk while taking the test. 
In Hawaii, it was a common practice to use coconut shells to clean up after a round to the toilet, before toilet papers were invented. 
Scientific research has shown that a woman is more likely to commit suicide if she has breast implants. 
If you were a kid during the 90's, you'd be lying if you said you didn't play this video game  
A girl from Tennessee annoyed her friend by poking her on Facebook to an extent that she was arrested by the local cops. 
Wealthy bureaucrats and businessmen in China have the choice to hire body doubles who’ll serve prison time sentenced to them. 
“Jussipussi” is the actual name of a brand of dinner rolls in Finland. 
Your can burn an extra 161 calories if you stay up all night and don’t go to sleep. 
This celebrity made millions of dollars, then skipped out on their taxes  
Every second of the day, the online porn industry makes over 3,000 dollars from its viewer’s subscriptions. 
An Indian man hasn’t bathed in 37 years and is known as the smelliest and dirtiest man to have ever lived. 
There exists a dating site for ghosts called Ghostsingles, its slogan is "exclusively for those who have passed away, but not gone away." 
“Tik-Tok”, one of the first songs by Ke$ha, outsold any of the singles from the entire albums of The Beatles. 
“Swagger” isn’t some trendy ghetto word, but was first coined in middle ages by William Shakespeare. 
Eating this with drastically increase your chances of having a thin stomach  
The fear of remaining unmarried or being married to the wrong person is called Anuptaphobia and it affects almost 50% of the women. 
The two most effective compounds in preventing tooth decay are calcium and zinc – both of which are found in male’s semen. 
Cryptophasia, is a special language some twins are known to create which only they can decipher. 
Ingredients in chocolate are proven to give instant arousal, much like sexual foreplay does. 
Californian locals were getting their kicks from licking toads, so "licking a toad" was made illegal by the local government. 
For $68, you can actually by a condom from the Louis Vuitton collection. 
“YOLO” is actually a restaurant in Florida and was founded before Drake used the word for the first time. 
These were voted the top 10 things women always carry with them  
If you were alive during the 90's, you'd be lying if you said you didn't eat this cereal  
There exists a specie of birds in Europe named as "Great Tits." 
“Floccinaucinihilipilification” is an actual word from English language which means “Estimating something as worthless” 
In Singapore if you do not flush the toilet in public bathrooms after using it, you are punished with a $500 fine. 
Music has been known to build an emotional bond between people, so singing in a group actually brings you closer together. 
In 1973, Salvador Dali, one of the greatest painters of all time, created a painting titled "Hitler Masturbating." 
There is a Chinese delicacy known as the “Virgin Boy Eggs” in which eggs are boiled in the urine of virgin boys. 
For almost 73 years from 1886 to 1959, the price of a bottle of coke in the US, was a nickel (5 US cents). 
Tupac Shakur's album "Me Against the World" was #1 on the Billboard charts making him the first artist to accomplish this while in prison. 
PSY, the South Korean singer who introduced Gangnam style was arrested for possessing marijuana in 2002 
Celebrities with sex tapes  
Kellogg cereal was an attempt to provide an alternative food to meat and to create something that would stop people from masturbating. 
Based on your sign, this is what zodiac sign you should be dating  
Soon you can buy Gecko Tape, a material that would give people the Spiderman ability of walking up the walls and ceilings. 
Addictions are tied to your zodiac sign. See what your zodiac sign is most likely to be addicted to  
Every person entering the swimming pool contaminates the water with 0.14 grams of poop. 
John H. Griffin a white American author, got skin treatments to appear black to experience hatred and racism. 
A man in 1921 just to prove the after life existed killed himself, hired a spiritualist to connect with him after he dies, nothing happened. 
This man weighed over 203 lbs at just 6 years old  
CDC, Center for disease control and prevention, has a zombie survival kit which has everything to help people survive the zombie apocalypse. 
A man named Winter, has visited and drank coffee from 11,000 Starbucks stores around the world. 
The primary function of sleep in humans is to save the important info in permanent memory and delete all the unimportant junk from the mind. 
Almost 60 percent of all the terrorists are engineering graduates. 
Kellogg cereal was an attempt to provide an alternative food to meat and to create something that would stop people from masturbating. 
Drinking 4 bottles (1 liter) of cola daily reduce sperm count in men upto 30%. 
The absolute best thing you can eat for breakfast  
There is a Tom and Jerry episode in which both the characters commit suicide on a rail track after failing in love. 
Sometimes you might think you're hearing a piece of music in your head even though it's not being played. This is known as the "earworm". 
Elephants can also purr, just like cats and no one knows why? 
There is a Japanese tradition in which family celebrates the first menstrual bleeding of their young girls by cooking red colored rice. 
Most effective non-sexual ways to turn a woman on  
Smokey, a cat from UK holds the Guinness Record for loudest Purr, measured at 92dB, louder than a lawn mower. 
The richest man ever lived John D. Rockefeller had a fortune of $663,400,000,000 in today's money. 
Elephants are afraid of bees and have a special sound indicating to other elephants "Move to the safe place Bees are angry" 
According to a recent research done on 16000 women, the more curvy a woman, the more intelligent she is. 
These are the 9 components that make up flirting  
Out of almost 900 million accounts on Facebook, 30 million accounts are of people who have already died. 
In 2012, Republican Presidential candidate Newt Gingrich proposed the Moon to become the 51st State of the USA. 
Candiru, a fish found in Amazon, can swim up the stream of your urine while you are peeing in the water and enter your penis. 
The number of slaves present today exceeds 27 million, which is the highest number ever in the human history. 
Crying is said to relieve stress because “emotional tears” include stress hormones which leave the body once you cry. 
The South African version of Sesame Street has a character who is HIV+ and it educates the children about danger of AIDS and STDs 
Most people don't know this about Michael Jordan  
Video Games have proven to be more effective at overcoming depression in teens than counselling has been. 
Blue eyes originated 6,000 to 10,000 years ago as a result of a genetic mutation prior to which all humans had brown eyes. 
The chemical composition of tears you shed when you are heart broken is different from other types of tears. 
"Niggerballs" was the name of an actual candy in South Africa in 1970s. 
Cameron Diaz and Snoop Dogg were in high school together and the actress once even bought weed from him. 
In outer space there exists a gigantic cloud of alcohol which can be used to produce 400 trillion trillion pints of beer. 
Magnum condoms are a range of condoms, designed especially for boosting the ego of men by writing XL on regular size. 
Human semen contains Selenium, a powerful cancer fighting agent and direct exposure to semen reduces the risk of breast cancer by 50%. 
These are common signs a man is cheating  
Lil Wayne, 2pac, & SouljaBoy are all music artists, they've also all been arrested. Heres what their mugshots look like  
Less than 59% off people know what all of these are  (which group do you fall into?) 
There is a company which sells menstrual pads for pet dogs called "bitch diapers". 
Male dolphins keep hostage female dolphins and give them no food unless they agree to have sex with them. 
100% of people will be diagnosed with some sort of mental disorder on their 1st meeting with a psychologist regardless they have it or not. 
Based on your astrological sign, this is what sign you should be dating  
In 1474 in Switzerland, a rooster was put on trial and sentenced to death "for the heinous and unnatural crime of laying an egg." 
In Kentucky, there exists more barrels of Bourbon whiskey (4.8 million) than people (4.2 million). 
According to RIAA, worth of a copyright protected song is $150000, thus a classic iPod that can store up to 40,000 songs is worth $8 billion 
If you dream at night, here's what each type of dream means  
"Taking LSD was one of the two or three most important things I’ve experienced in my life” was quoted by former Apple CEO, Steve Jobs. 
Check out the money from this country, they use Pokemon characters on their currency  
Drinking habits and education are directly proportional in women; The more educated a woman is, the more likely she is to drink heavily. 
An 18th century business man faked his death to see the reaction of people - divorced his wife as she did not shed any tears at the wake 
The word "wabadebadoo" means "I am on fire" in simlish, the language used in Sims series of games. 
In Fiji, cannibal tribes specially grow a fruit named "Cannibals Tomato" which is used to make a dip sauce when eating human flesh. 
Just like China Town in the US, there is an English Town in China where nobody is allowed to speak Chinese. 
The burgers from McDonald's do not rot or decompose and retain its original shape, color and texture. 
There is a condition opposite to a pedophile, “gerontophile” in which the sufferers have a sexual preference for people who are older. 
Narcissism originated from a Greek man named "Narcissus" who was cursed by gods to fall in love with his own reflection for breaking hearts. 
If you hold the head of a chicken still and draw a straight line while chicken is looking at it, it will be hypnotized for 30 minutes. 
The longest hangover ever experienced by anyone, lasted for about 4 weeks, after a man from Glasgow drank 60 pints. 
All the women employed by Australian navy are offered free boob jobs by the government. 
"The more you play with it, the harder it gets" was the tag line used by SEGA in 1990's to sell Genesis. 
The man with the largest penis (13.5 inches), was once stopped by security at airport after noticing alarmingly huge bulge in his pants. 
Most people don't know this about the vagina  
The first people to led a public campaign against smoking and banning it from public areas were Nazis. 
Bangkok police arrested a 48 yr old man who broke into homes and stole panties since the last 30 yrs. 11,000 panties were found in his home. 
Marijuana is now being used to treat Post Traumatic Stress disorder along with several other anxiety disorders. 
Seth MacFarlane and Mark Wahlberg, were booked on the flight that hit the WTC on 9/11, Sett missed it and Mark changed his mind last minute. 
The risk of heart attack and stroke in men can be reduced by 50% by simply having sex three times a week, a study suggests. 
"Hakuna Matata" the term used in Disney movie Lion King is actually a Swahili phrase which means “there are no worries”. 
The police dogs are given a proper police funeral if killed during a mission and it is a crime to attack them. 
In China, a man divorced and sued his wife for $120,000 for being ugly and won the case. 
Nutella has been around since 1963, and February 5th is National Nutella Day.  
Francis Miller Fesmire, a doctor, proposed that hiccups could be cured by massaging the asshole and won a nobel prize for it. 
A self-governed island in New Zealand exists with Pokemon characters on their money! Pics>>  
Album “The Dark Side of the Moon” by Pink Floyd remained on the Billboard chart for more than 14 years (741 weeks). 
Homophobic men, people who have fear of homosexuals, gets more aroused by watching gay porn than normal men. 
For the first time in history the earth is inhabited by more obese and overweight people then those who are starving and malnourished. 
You can text “SHELTER + your ZIP code” to 43362 to locate the closest shelter in your area in case of a nuclear attack. 
The average vagina is 3-4 inches long, but the vagina can expand by 200% when a woman is sexually aroused.  
In 19th century, dwarfs and midgets were kept as toys for entertainment by the royal families of Spain. 
Scientists believe that a sudden Zombie Attack could threaten the existence of humans if the situation is not dealt quickly and aggressively 
The initial name suggested for Honda Fit was Honda Fitta but was not kept because fitta in some countries meant PUSSY. 
A cream called the HandzOff Anti-Masturbatory Cream fights your urge to masturbate when applied to the penis. 
At one point the US government used pigeons attached with "pigeon-cams" to do surveillance.  
Music has been known to build an emotional bond between people, so singing in a group actually brings you closer together. 
Famous rapper Eminem has been falsely reported dead over 5 times, out of which four were apparently car crashes and one was a drug overdose 
Video Games have proven to be more effective at overcoming depression in teens than counselling has been. 
Video Game have proven to be more effective at overcoming depression in teens than counselling has been. 
This will kill your sex drive!  
Ever since the independence of the U.S in 1776, the country's been at war for 214 years and at peace for only 21. 
Out of all the organs in the human body, the clitoris (in females) is the only organ with just one purpose: pleasure! 
A village in the Peruvian Andes celebrates Christmas by organizing a festival, Takanakuy, in which everyone gets drunk and beat each other. 
A Japanese artist got his genitals removed, cooked them and 5 people ordered the dish for $250 each. 
Crying is said to relieve stress because “emotional tears” include stress hormones which leave the body once you cry. 
In Japan 75% of men get monthly pocket money from their wives. 
In Japan 75% of men get monthly pocket money from their wives. 
David Yost, the Blue Ranger from the TV show 'Might Morphin Power Rangers', quit the show after he was repeatedly harassed for being gay! 
According to law if an HIV patient knowingly has sex with someone without telling them of his/her disease, could be charged with murder. 
The "vjay" app for iPhone allows you to mix & mash music videos and music:  
In 1995, "Feel The Curves" was coca cola's $200K marketing campaign, It was recalled beacause artist hid a blowjob image in the poster. 
There is an ingredient used in anti wrinkle and soothing creams which is chemically similar to human sperm. 
In Europe, beer has been served as a warm beverage from 1500 to the early 1800’s. 
The richest man ever lived John D. Rockefeller had a fortune of $663,400,000,000 in today's money. 
Sid Vicious, an English musician, died because of heroin overdose that was delivered for him by his mother. 
Elephants are afraid of bees and have a special sound indicating to other elephants "Move to the safe place Bees are angry" 
Drinking 4 bottles (1 liter) of cola daily reduce sperm count in men upto 30%. 
Your birthday can explain what type of sex fits your personality best. See what yours means  
There is an actual emergency plan devised in the case of a sudden zombie attack, in The University of Florida! 
Being a drama queen is an actual personality disorder known as the Histrionic personality disorder that affects women 4 times more than men. 
Maybe he's a nerd, but he's worth billions, so that makes him cool  
Adriana Lima, Victoria Secret’s model was a virgin when she married at 27. 
The chemical which turns the colour of water blue, if you urinate in the pool is only a fictional substance and doesn't really exist. 
The word 'Nice' is derived from an old French term which originally meant foolish or ignorant. 
One of the major flavours used in ice cream and pudding is actually anal gland secretion of American and European beavers. 
Only after 8 years of inventing a telephone, in 1884, the first prank call was made. 
The area code for NASA and the surrounding areas is 321 because it sounds like the countdown before rocket's liftoff. 
See the comparison of Nascar and F1 racing, which makes more money & which cars go faster!  
Organized cheerleading was originally an all-male activity which began in 1898, while women only started participating since the year 1923! 
If the amount of sugar present in a can of coke is taken directly, you will vomit uncontrollably. 
Sex burns around 360 calories and a real orgasm burns 112 calories while faking one burns 315. 
A very rare condition known as Hematidrosis takes place when a person faces extreme levels of stress. This results in the sweating of blood! 
According to a recent research done on 16000 women, the more curvy a woman, the more intelligent she is. 
Thanksgiving is next week, make sure you get these apps for food & drink ideas  
A pornstar named "Voodoo" made a porno while jumping from a plane and had sex in mid air. 
The number of people on Facebook playing FarmVille outnumber actual farmers in the United States by a ratio of 60 to 1! 
These are common "signs" a man is cheating  
In their dreams, blind people can actually see. They dream only in Black and White. 
The original name of colour orange was Geoluhread and later people started calling it Orange after the fruit. 
.@Oprah's biggest pet peeve is when people do this in her presence!  
In WW1, the British soldier, Henry Tandey, saved the life of a wounded German soldier, later identified as Adolf Hitler. 
Scientists believe that untidy and unmade beds are healthier for us than neat and made beds. 
Recent research suggests that smoking improves the level of concentration and the ability to learn in humans. 
In the US almost 98% of the population has faced unreturned love. 
By releasing 2 albums in their entire career the Spice Girls made $75 million personally and their global gross income reached $800 million. 
The first man on moon, Neil Armstrong even before getting his driver’s license, got his pilot's license at age 16. 
The creator of Family Guy, Seth MacFarlane, confirmed that the character known as Stewie Griffin is in fact gay! 
Visitors at Bill Gates' mansion receives a unique code that automatically adjusts lighting, music and temperature according to their mood. 
Despite Apple's claims of high-performance, Siri often fails pretty miserably. For example  
There exists a place called Dildo Island located at the bottom of Trinity Bay, Canada. 
An octopus has eight arms, but the third right arm of a male octopus is also it's reproductive organ! 
Death caused by laughing too much is actually called 'fatal hilarity'! 
The 2nd youngest female to become a mother was 6 years old after being impregnated by her 69 year old grandfather. 
This school tops the list of best places to party...  
When contacted to design a perfume, Lady Gaga wanted to release a fragrance which contained ingredients similar to blood and semen. 
Tetrachromacy is the condition opposite to colour blindness, in which you get super colour vision. 
A company called Browning is selling knives specially designed to combat a zombie apocalypse. 
'Vulva Original' is the name of a perfume that claims to have captured the essence of a vagina in a bottle, as it smells like a vagina! 
If stuck in a traffic jam in Beijing, you can pay a service $60 for to be rescued on a motorbike, while someone else drives your car home! 
By showing what U.S. states you've visited, you can win a trip to one of 4 spots!  
'Broken Heart Syndrome' is an actual heart muscle condition that could potentially take your life! 
To prevent themselves from getting pregnant, Egyptian women used to insert stones into their vaginas before sex! 
At the age of 82, Kurt Vonnegut an American author threatened to sue Pall Mall cigarettes for $1 billion for not being able to kill him. 
Viagra is a drug that if added in the vase can double the life of cut flowers. 
A gay man named Glenn Burke invented the 'high-five', now a common celebratory hand gesture! 
This President, who appears on a popular dollar bill, has an illegitimate child from an affair he had. See who it is>  
The number of possible combinations in a game of chess is more than the total number of atoms in the known universe. 
Only in the United States of America, May is labeled as National Masturbation Month. 
Most people don't know this about Michael Jordan  
Ted Bundy, one of the most notorious American serial killer,used to work at Seattle's Suicide Hotline crisis center, in 1971 
The reason why old cats meow or howl more in particular is because they suffer from the cat’s version of Alzheimer. 
Most of the laugh tracks we hear nowadays on television are by people who are dead by now, as most of them were recorded in the 1950's. 
Until the new employees hired by Apple Inc are trusted completely, they are made to work on fake projects with dummy roles. 
.@Oprah's biggest pet peeve is when people do this in her presence!  
Different types of facial hair tell things about a person's personality. See what your facial hair (or his) means  
Prisoners in Guantanamo bay are given McDonald’s Happy Meals if they cooperate with the interrogations. 
Shakespeare used "your mom" jokes in his plays Timon of Athen and Titus Andronicus. 
Blue Waffles is the name of an infection in which the female vagina turns purplish blue. 
Masturbating 42 times in one night without stopping caused the death of a 16-year old boy in Rubiato Town, Brazil! 
These are common "signs" a man is cheating  
In Thailand, there are human zoos that exhibit humans with some irregularity such as a long neck etc. 
Johnny Depp doesn't like to watch his own movies and is also scared of clowns. 
Smokey, a cat from UK holds the Guinness Record for loudest Purr, measured at 92dB, louder than a lawn mower. 
The 9 pieces that make up "flirting"  
The weight of a simple white puffy cloud is around 200,000 lbs and a hurricane cloud can weigh even more than 100,000,000 lbs. 
Cameron Diaz and Snoop Dogg were in high school together and the actress once even bought weed from him. 
TERATOPHOBIA is an unusual fear of giving birth to a monster. 
In 1973, Salvador Dali, one of the greatest painters of all time, created a painting titled "Hitler Masturbating." 
A Dutch man at the age of 32 began a free "baby making" service and in 9 years time he has 82 children spread around the globe. 
Your brain, on weirdness  
A Swedish woman, Eija-Riitta, 54 years old, claims to be married and having a sexual relation with the Berlin Wall for almost 29 years. 
A man sued the other driver and won, 4 years after a car crash. He claimed that the crash turned him gay. 
In outer space there exists a gigantic cloud of alcohol which can be used to produce 400 trillion trillion pints of beer. 
The testicles of a man are capable of producing 10 million sperm cells in one day, and enough to repopulate the entire planet in 6 months! 
"Niggerballs" was the name of an actual candy in South Africa in 1970s. 
Every year in America, about $25 billion is spent on beer alone! 
Most effective non-sexual ways to turn a woman on  
Blue eyes originated 6,000 to 10,000 years ago as a result of a genetic mutation prior to which all humans had brown eyes. 
Not sleeping for 22 hours straight can slow down a human’s response time more than how much 4 alcohol drinks can. 
The reason why men find high heels sexy is because it induces the arched back posture animals naturally show when having sex. 
Beautiful people tend to have greater intelligence than those who are ugly, especially if they are males. 
You will never believe what this part of your body can do  
The only two bodily responses that can not be controlled by us once started are sneezes and orgasms. 
Individuals with unpleasant moods are more attentive and critical of their surrounding environment than those who have happy moods. 
Thanksgiving day is a short form of "Thanksgiving and Praise to our beneficent Father who dwelleth in the Heavens". 
There is a 5K obstacle race course themed after zombies, in which people run for their lives. 
These celebrities are total jokesters. Photo-bombing is for famous people too  
"Sleep eating" is an actual disorder in which people eat strange items while they are asleep, such as buttered cigarettes. 
In 1995 in North America a man became local celebrity just because his name was "Dick Assman" 
There is a Japanese tradition in which family celebrates the first menstrual bleeding of their young girls by cooking red colored rice. 
There are nearly twice as many marijuana dispensaries (390) than Starbucks (208), in Colorado. 
A flame can be extinguished by a powerful song. However, scientists don’t understand how. 
If sugar is applied on a cut, it will help in the healing process and will also stop the blood flow. 
When an ant dies it gives a special odor to indicate to other ants that it is dead an then taken to a graveyard. 
Make sure you don't miss our first episode of the WhatTheFFacts show on YouTube! View it now:  
A condition called "False Awakening" occurs when you're dreaming that you've woken up, but still are in deep sleep. 
Having sex has three times as much effect of relieving pain from a usual morphine dose. 
I guarantee you didn't know this about your brain  
Sleeping in a cold room increases chances of having a nightmare. The colder your room is, the better the chances you will have a nightmare. 
There is a medical condition known as Labial fusion, in which females are born with their vagina closed (sides of the labia join together). 
These movies were voted top of the list for having the "worst endings"  
The youngest girl to be a mother was 9 years old who also became the youngest grandmother as her daughter gave birth at the age of 9 as well 
Kellogg cereal was an attempt to provide an alternative food to meat and to create something that would stop people from masturbating. 
Dried up sperm possesses enough proteins to help reduce wrinkles if applied on your skin, so sperm is actually good for the skin! 
The number of slaves present today exceeds 27 million, which is the highest number ever in the human history. 
"The Avengers" was also the name of a Jewish team of assassins that used to kill Nazi war criminals after WWII. 
Scientist Niels Bohr had a pipeline running straight from the Carlsberg brewing company to his house to have a never-ending supply of beer 
The most disgusting viral video "2 girls 1 cup" is actually only a trailer of a proper porn movie "Hungry Bitches" 
Doing this can actually help naturally get rid of your headache or migrane  
The world largest brothel worth $12.2 million, is being built in Australia, named the “Super Brothel” 
Men are turned on more by physical means, women by emotions. These are the top non-sexual ways women are turned on  
An Indian man claimed that he has not been eating or drinking for past 70 years and scientists still haven't proved him wrong. 
A man died of heart attack by ingesting a bottle of viagra after he tried to win a bet of having 12 hour sex marathon with two prostitutes 
In the game Assassin's Creed 3, all the victims, their location and time of death are inspired by the deaths of real people. 
Magnum condoms are a range of condoms, designed especially for boosting the ego of men by writing XL on regular size. 
There's actually a science to "flirting". Here's the 9 ways to do it right  
Drinking habits and smartness are directly proportional in women; the smarter they are, the bigger drinkers they ought to be. 
Episode 1 of WhatTheFFacts show is now live on YouTube for viewing! This week we discuss 3 facts about SEX  
The chemical composition of tears you shed when you are heart broken is different from other types of tears. 
Annually, almost four people lose their lives while trying to change their pants. 
Out of almost 900 million accounts on Facebook, 30 million accounts are of people who have already died. 
Einstein scored 160 on his IQ test, whereas Marilyn Monroe scored 8 points more than him (168). 
Skipping breakfast can actually cause you to GAIN weight because your body reacts by storing fat. Eat this instead  
The South African version of Sesame Street has a character who is HIV+ and it educates the children about danger of AIDS and STDs 
One of the slang terms for a hairy vagina is 'furburger'. 
Soon you can buy Gecko Tape, a material that would give people the Spiderman ability of walking up the walls and ceilings. 
7000 brain cells die every day as a human ages, but having regular sex may help build new ones. 
A teen girl once asked Einstein to help her in maths work. He replied "Do not worry! I can assure you that my difficulties are much greater" 
Sex is known to be much more effective to put you to sleep than your average sleeping pill. 
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman." - Bill Clinton, is one of the most famous lies of all time!>>  
Every person entering the swimming pool contaminates the water with 0.14 grams of poop. 
The growth of cancer cells can be slowed down by using marijuana. 
There exists a page dedicated to helping you take care of your skin, appear healthier, and look more attractive! 
Morarji Desai, former Indian prime minister drank his own urine to cure a disease using urine therapy and supported it openly in public. 
In the 19th century, gasoline was considered to be a useless substance and the oil refineries simply threw it away. 
Pamela Anderson is spectrophobic and can't stand to look at...  
In the Victorian era, British men used to prevent wet dreams by tying a string around their penis. 
How fat is too fat? These amazing pics show a 6 year old that weighed 203 lbs and a 18 year old that weighed 1400 lbs!  
Human semen contains Selenium, a powerful cancer fighting agent and direct exposure to semen reduces the risk of breast cancer by 50%. 
"Bara Bröst" is a Swedish feminist group that actually fights for the rights of women to swim topless at beaches and even in public pools! 
A Chilean prostitute, in the hopes of raising money for a national charity, has auctioned 27 hours of sex at a rate of $4000. 
Sometimes you might think you're hearing a piece of music in your head even though it's not being played. This is known as the "earworm". 
You get the same sensation of pleasure by sharing information on Twitter and Facebook as having sex, according to Harvard researchers. 
Before the 18th century, people believed a single sex view of humans and that women were cold, "underdeveloped" men who never grew penises. 
From a list compiled of the world's safest cities, none of the first 50 are located in the U.S. 
One of the many reasons why Jimi Hendrix was discharged from the army was that he was caught masturbating while on duty! 
Witzelsucht is a neurological disorder in which the patient unconsciously and uncontrollably makes puns and tell inappropriate jokes. 
In 2006, a plan called the World Jump Day told people to jump at the same time in order to knock Earth from its orbit to stop Global Warming 
Out of 50 of the extras cast from the movie Philadelphia, more than 40 died following the films release because they were infected with AIDS 
It was this celebrity's last will and testament to be fed to crocodiles:  
A spinal implant for women called the osgasmatron, gives orgasms whenever the user demands. 
A NASA intern by the name of Thad Roberts was sentenced to 7 years in federal prison because he had sex on a bed full of stolen moon rocks. 
Mother Nature, or the green Earth as we know it, is slowly turning into a desert at a rate of about 40 square miles a day. 
A reality show “Shattered" was aired, the contestants had to stay awake for a week and not allowed to close their eyes for more than 10 sec. 
There was a man named Tsutomu Yamaguchi who survived both the Nagasaki and Hiroshima atomic explosions. 
A cyclist in 1950 took part in the Tour de France and was in 1st place but lost because he drank 2 bottles of wine and went the opposite way 
Beyonce and Megan Fox are ultra hot, but this is what they used to look like back in the day!  
The only time in history, the US was not in debt was in 1835 when Andrew Jackson was President. 
God was almost sued by a Romanian murderer in 2005 after the person claimed that He failed to keep him from the Devil's influence. 
Just a teaspoon of Botulinum Toxic is enough wipe out 1.2 billion people and It is most commonly used in BOTOX. 
There's a secret to waking up earlier in the morning and feeling well rested  
A research has found that women spill secrets within 2 days of hearing them, 47 hours to be exact. 
These were voted some of the most creative and funniest WiFi network names ever  
During the Olympics, whatever village the athletes stay in, the Olympic Committee orders 100,000 condoms to be distributed in the village. 
Supposing that the age of the Earth from the beginning of its existence till now is one day, human beings have only existed for 36 seconds! 
Idiot, Imbecile and Moron were initially used to describe a specific degree of psychological abnormality. 
In the US, 29 states allow employers to fire their workers for being gay, while 34 States allow them to fire workers for being transgender. 
Most people think you need a degree to make six figures, not if you work in one of these fields  
In the 3rd century BC, a Greek sophist (Gorgias of Epirus) was born while in his dead mother's coffin, and discovered by the coffin-bearers! 
If you prove the existence of a paranormal entity, you're awarded with a million dollars. So far, a 1000 people have tried but all failed. 
Before getting married Charles Darwin did a cost and benefit analysis of wedding with one of the cost being “less money for books”. 
In 2012, Republican Presidential candidate Newt Gingrich proposed the Moon to become the 51st State of the USA. 
A new study shows that music helps to keep your cardiovascular system in tune as the music you listen to can alter your heartbeat. 
Studies show that when men do this, women find it SEXY  
There is a Chinese delicacy known as the “Virgin Boy Eggs” in which eggs are boiled in the urine of virgin boys. 
The custom of brides carrying a bouquet with them was initially done to hide their body odor on wedding day. 
More word from Simpsons have been officially added to the dictionary than from the Bible and Shakespeare. 
PSY, the South Korean singer who introduced Gangnam style was arrested for possessing marijuana in 2002 
Tupac Shakur's album "Me Against the World" was #1 on the Billboard charts making him the first artist to accomplish this while in prison. 
Candiru, a fish found in Amazon, can swim up the stream of your urine while you are peeing in the water and enter your penis. 
Flipping the right side of your face with the left side, or vise versa, makes you less attractive! Example pics:  
Many illnesses like insomnia, lack of appetite and asthma have been known to be successfully cured with medicinal marijuana. 
If in 1957 you invested $1000 with Warren Buffett, you would have gained $30 million today. 
Once when hiding in a farm, Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar burned about $2 million cash in a bonfire to save his daughter from the cold. 
Once when hiding in a farm, Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar burned about $2 million cash in a bonfire to save his daughter from the cold. 
Due to a lack of an alcohol-digesting enzyme found in European drinking levels, one-third of Asians tend to glow after drinking. 
You'll never believe where this common word originated (hint: it literally meant - to swear on one's testicles!) >>  
"The Vagina Ass of Lucifer NiggerBastard" is the name of an actual book and you can get it from Amazon. 
Me-Phobia, is the fear of becoming so amazing that everybody dies because no one from the human race can handle it!. 
Microsoft owner Bill Gates earns $7.8 billion a year, which is about $20 million a day, or also $250 per second! 
Same sex relationships in the ancient native American tribes were treated with utmost respect and were thought to be sacred. 
Only one man who was born in the 1800's is still alive today. His death would mean all people on Earth are from the 1900's and later. 
Eargasm is the term used to describe the chill you feel down your spine when listening to beautiful music. 
Shakespeare most likely smoked pot because his home garden was dug up and pipes containing traces of cannabis were found. 
Your eye color can tell us certain things about your personality. See what your eye color means  
If prison rapes are included in the Rape Statistics, more men are raped than women in the United States. 
In France, if 2 people are engaged and one of them dies, the one who is alive can still legally marry the other person while he/she is dead. 
In 2010. McDonald's mistakenly packed and distributed 5000 Happy Meals with coloured condom instead of toy. 
Turkey in 1876, gifted marijuana to the US and within 4 years time Turkish smoking parlors covered the entire northeastern US. 
There exists a medical test “Milkscreen Alcohol test” to find out the presence of alcohol in a woman's breast milk. 
The color Pink does not actually exist in the universe, it is basically white light without the green color. 
Ryan Gosling and Cameron Diaz dropped out of high school! >>  
Hiccups can be stopped by stimulation of the vagus nerve i.e orgasming. 
Anger is in fact a form of positive energy and can be used as powerful motivating force towards achieving your goals. 
"It's okay" and "I'm fine" are the two most common lies spoken in the world! 
Here's what science says about you finding that "special someone" attractive  
In Europe, until the 17th century, teenage boys were routinely masturbated by their nannies for a good night sleep. 
Alaskan residents are allowed by law to grow up to 25 marijuana plants for personal usage. 
Many cross cultural studies suggest that more educated people are more supportive towards gay marriages than less educated people. 
Scientists have produced a new antidepressant drug that gives you an orgasm every time you yawn. 
A study shows that flattering a child's intelligence makes them dumber, though admiring the process of problem solving makes them smarter. 
United States holds the record of having the highest number of people who have been diagnosed with a mental disorder. 
In 2001, a German man allowed a person to cut his penis after which both of them ate it together. 
In 1918 this now common disease killed over 20,000,000 people, which was 5% of the world population at the time!!!>>  
Currently 54, if Bill Gates lives to be 89 yrs old, he’d have to spend US $6.78 Million everyday to use up his entire wealth. 
Before the election Beyonce was spotted wearing hoop earrings where the hoop was an "O" & "bama" hung from it. Photos:  
To avoid being eaten by the mate, the male Orb-Web spider detaches its penis and finishes the sex as he runs for his life. 
Drinking habits and education are directly proportional in women; The more educated a woman is, the more likely she is to drink heavily. 
There exists 30 people who can fluently speak Klingon, the alien language used in the Star Trek series. 
There exists a book titled “Everything a man knows about women” that has around 100 pages all of which are blank. 
The truth behind whether this drink lowers a man's sperm count  
An 18th century business man faked his death to see the reaction of people - divorced his wife as she did not shed any tears at the wake 
The average speed of fart coming out of your ass is 7 mph. 
The word "wabadebadoo" means "I am on fire" in simlish, the language used in Sims series of games. 
A theory suggests that the painting of Mona Lisa is not of a woman but instead a self portrait of da Vinci wearing woman’s clothes. 
Marital rape is legal in Afghanistan in which the husband can rape his wife if she refuses to have sex with him. 
A water balloon fight with over 9,000 people and a Volkswagen Beetle with 20 people inside  
The use and consumption of cocaine accelerate the aging process of brain drastically. 
Semantic Satiation is a phenomenon when a word loses its meaning temporarily because of constant repetition. 
Keith Jarrett, an American pianist, is famous for distributing cough drops to audience before his performance to avoid any sounds. 
The Nazi leader, Hitler, from 1942 until his death in 1945, was addicted to crystal meth. 
In Fiji, cannibal tribes specially grow a fruit named "Cannibals Tomato" which is used to make a dip sauce when eating human flesh. 
Male llamas develop a set of "fighting teeth" at the age of 2 that grow specifically to bite off the testicles of other males. 
Flipping the right side of your face with the left side, or vise versa, makes you less attractive! Example pics:  
Deep-wave sleep is when your eyeballs are moving while sleeping - Brain is functioning as you are fully awake and your body is paralysed. 
“Gut feeling” is related to anxiety, felt when a bacteria found in stomach called “the second brain” overpowers the actual signals of brain. 
A stripper filed a case to write off the cost of her breast implants from her tax and won, as the fake boobs were considered a stage prop. 
A stripper filed a case to right off the cost of her breast implants from her tax and won, as the fake boobs were considered a stage prop. 
There is a company which sells menstrual pads for pet dogs called "bitch diapers". 
If you share a bed with someone, doing this can actually increase the quality of your sleep  
If a smartphone app is downloaded outside the U.S it is documented as an Export. 
Monkeys at the Yale University were trained to understand the monetary system. First thing Monkeys tried to buy with money was sex. 
Male dolphins keep hostage female dolphins and give them no food unless they agree to have sex with them. 
The US air force planned a “gay bomb” which would spread the female hormones amongst enemies and make them sexually attractive to each other 
There was a military leader in Liberian Civil War nicknamed "General Butt Naked". 
"Spotlight Effect" a psychological phenomena is when you think everyone around is looking at you specially when you're hiding something. 
This city was voted the RUDEST in the United States!  
Self guided bullets, like guided missiles, will soon be available that will be capable to adjust their path automatically to hit the target. 
Math anxiety is a psychological disorder which causes stress and anxiety when doing math problems. 
According to RIAA, worth of a copyright protected song is $150000, thus a classic iPod that can store up to 40,000 songs is worth $8 billion 
When a male honey bee mates, its testicles explode and the penis is left inside the Queen bee. 
6 out of 1000 men posses micro penis- 2.5 inches maximum when fully erect. 
It has been scientifically proven that your body can stay alive for many months only on water and beer. 
The first item ever sold on Internet was a pepperoni pizza from Pizza Hut. 
The English word with most synonyms is “drunk", having more than 353 words that can be used in its place. 
Studies reveal that people who consume moderate amount of alcohol have a longer life than those who don’t. 
This lady was one of the heaviest women in the world at over 1200 lbs, then she lost over 900 lbs!!!  
A newly discovered Mayan calendar gives a new doomsday prediction 7000 years after 2012 and nullifies the 2012 prediction! 
Floccinaucinihilipilification is the longest word in the dictionary. Check out what it means  
Twilight? Harry Potter? Find out what movie character was voted "most annoying"  
People who stay awake till late night are more intelligent than the people who go to bed early and rise early for the day, study suggests. 
White chocolate isn't really chocolate as it doesn't include the two most vital ingredients found in chocolate:cocoa solids and cocoa liquor 
In 2011, a straight British rugby player had a heart attack and woke up as gay and became hairdresser. 
There is a flower found in western America commonly known as "Little Blue Dicks". 
The uncensored version of South Park's intro theme song actually sings "I like fucking silly bitches, cause I know my penis likes it," 
Beyonce and Megan Fox are ultra hot, but this is what they used to look like back in the day!  
"Exploding Head Syndrome" is a disorder in which sufferer wakes up after experiencing loud sounds like gunshot in his/her own head. 
Here's what you need to know about drinking and the breathalyzer test  
Human breast milk naturally contains many of the same cannabinoids found in marijuana, known to be vital for proper human development. 
Emoticons, smileys that represent your emotions, were created in the late 19th century almost 75 years before the first chat software. 
Forgiving others for their mistakes is considered to be the number one trait which gives most happiness to humans. 
Stercoraceous vomiting is actually the medical term used for referring poop out of ones mouth. 
Men tend to change their mind 200-300% more often than women. Women just tend to do this when making decisions  
At the age of 6, Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr. was already smoking marijuana. 
No one in the world can pass gas silently through their assholes if the hairs around it is completely removed. 
World's shortest horror story consists of only two sentences. "The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door." 
In New Guinea if a husband falsely accuses his wife of adultery, she shows anger by cutting her pinky and throwing it on her husbands. 
Bananas and humans share about half of the same DNA which means humans are 50% identical to bananas. 
This fact is for people who love #money like no other  
People without hearing issues use subtitles more as they are eating while watching and are unable to hear clearly due to echo of munching. 
"Nigglywiggly" is the actual name of the little paper flag thingy sticking out of the top of Hershey's kisses! 
The "Jewel Wasp" turns a cockroach into zombie with its sting, then jumps onto its back and then its larvae feed on cockroach's body. 
The "Jewel Wasp" turns a cockroach into zombie with its sting, than jumps onto its back and than its larvae feed on cockroach's body. 
Ashes of the famous American rapper, Tupac Shakur were mixed with weed and smoked by the members of Outlawz, the hip hop group he founded. 
In 2011, a man from Iowa abstained from all kinds of food and survived only on beer for 46 days to detox his body. 
Getting angry at people when we listen to them breathing or eating is called Misophonia, which is an actual brain disorder. 
Disney fans will love to know these facts  
A 24 years old woman gave birth to twins with a gap of 56 days, in Sydney in the year 1953. 
'Incest-Fest' is a festival celebrated by students at Harvard and the purpose of the festival is to get laid with as many people as possible 
Steve Nash, a Canadian basketball player, divorced his wife because his newborn kid resembled one of his teammates. 
Mothers of a Chinese tribe called Manchu used to give blowjobs to their infants as a sign of affection. 
The vagina is amazing for these few factual reasons  
Over half a million cases of "Female Foeticide" are reported in India yearly, a practice of aborting a foetus because it is female. 
According to a British superstition, saying Rabbit, Rabbit, Rabbit right after waking up on the morning of the 1st of the month, bring luck. 
If you've ever had trouble losing weight, I bet it's because you didn't know this  
"The caffeine nap" a nap right after intaking caffeine is considered to be the best power nap. 
Wrestler Andre the Giant set the world record for the most alcohol consumed, he drank 156 beers in a single sitting. 
Ectodermal Dysplasia, is an actual genetic disorder which causes brittle nails, pointed teeth and pale skin like a vampire. 
Robert Downey Jr., apart from being an actor is also a singer and a songwriter, giving his voice in many soundtracks for his movies. 
In India a 78 year old man spent 22 years to hand carve a 1km road through the hills to allow his villagers an easy acess to a nearby doctor 
Sobhuza II, the king of Swaziland, who ruled for over 82 years had 70 wives, 210 children, and more than a 1000 grandchildren. 
50% of your life's happiness is transferred to you from parents through the genes. 
Osama bin Laden's father married 22 times, fathering at least 54 children. Osama bin Laden is believed to be his 17th son. 
In the US, 27 members of the House of Representatives and 1 member of the Senate are only high school graduates. 
There is a music genre called "Pirate Metal" which covers the activities of pirates in lyrics. 
Just like China Town in the US, there is an English Town in China where nobody is allowed to speak Chinese. 
Nadya Suleman, known as the Octomom for giving birth to 14 children, has become a porn star now to support her family. 
Holder of the Guinness World record for the fattest woman, Pauline Potter, lost 100 pounds by having sex 7 times a day. 
Sloppy handwriting skills of doctors are responsible for over 7000 deaths each year. 
This man gave away how many billion??  
All those white people who could not afford a black slave in 1830s were originally called "White Trash." 
The name of a hill in Wales “Blorenge”, is the only word that rhymes with the word ”orange” 
This man was once nominated "sexiest man of the year" -- and he's scared of clowns!  
Majority of the Asians have a blue birth mark on their butt, called the Mongolian spot. 
A study suggests that being overweight is a bigger health risk than being a smoker or drinker. 
25 tons of weight can be lifted by an average human if combined force of all the body muscles is applied together. 
In late 18th century there was a professional farter who could mimic cannon fire, thunderstorms, and play short tunes by simply farting. 
"Latte art" is using the foam on caffeine beverages to create things like this fire breathing dragon & Apple logo!  
The reaction speed of Bruce Lee from a distance of three feet away is 0.05 second. 
In the song "Sweet Child of Mine" when Axl rose sung "where do we go now?" he actually wanted to know the lyrics after this. 
The Hollywood sign in 1987 was changed to "Hollyweed" by some hippies to encourage the loosening of marijuana laws. 
Semen absorbed by the vagina can work as an antidepressant. 
Robert Earl Hughes weighed 203 lbs age 6, 693 lbs age 18, & ultimately died 1,041 lbs! It'd suck to be this big!>  
Most people think this fact about men is true, but it's actually a myth  
There's an iPhone app which will help you keep track of your girlfriend's period and her mood. 
To help them communicate better, couples were given ecstasy during marriage counseling in 1970s. 
The derivation of the word "bride" is from an old English word that means "cook", whereas the word "groom" came from "male child". 
American rapper and songwriter, Jay-Z, has gotten a Platinum for every studio and collaborative album he's released. 
This kiss can be deadly!  
Marijuana was used as a “truth serum” on the people under investigation, by an American intelligence agency, in the early 1940s. 
Even if you have a perfect and normal vision, there exists two colors that you have never seen. 
People in Cameroon gathered money in 1931 to send to “starving Americans”. The total amount gathered was $3.77. 
0.625 inches is the size of the smallest human penis on record! 
Will Smith turned down this legendary role  Talk about regret! 
A man got out of bed, drove to his inlaws' house and killed his father and mother in law while sleepwalking! Court declared him innocent 
In 2011 a man crashed his motorcycle and died because he wasn't wearing a helmet during a protest ride against mandatory helmet laws. 
In Europe for almost 300 years there was an epidemic, Dancing Mania, in which people danced uncontrollably until they died. 
See what Shia LaBeouf, Fergie, Ryan Gosling, Raven Symone, and Michael Cera have in common!  
If your weight is 450 pounds you could live for one complete year without eating anything. 
In Texas, a 52 yr old woman was arrested for being found guilty of sending threats and harassing texts to herself. 
When Jewish girls get their 1st period, they are slapped by their mothers because it is a tradition in their culture. 
A wife in Texas, killed her husband unknowingly, by pouring 3 litres of alcohol into his ass. 
Here's the deal with marijuana, plus how & where it's legal  
The moaning sounds you hear in the song Rocket Queen by Guns N Roses were actually sounds of Steve Adler's GF having sex with Axl Rose. 
Although it feels relieving at first, but blowing your nose when you have a cold actually worsens your condition. 
Around the globe, the number of hours that gamers have spent playing " WoW- World of Warcraft" is equal to 5.93 million years. 
Hypnic jerk or sleep twitches, the feeling of falling while sleeping, occurs when brain takes the relaxing of muscles as falling. 
The word "fuck" was used first time in 1535, previously used as "Fukkit" since 1503. 
10,507 is the record of the most non stop push ups done, made by a Japanese guy. 
Your zodiac sign can determine what type of sex you prefer! See what your sign means  
There's a type of mushroom that's called the "Spongiforma Squarepantsii" that grows in Borneo, Malaysia. 
The movie with the highest body count is Lord of the Rings- Return of the King in which 836 characters were killed. 
Studies show that cows also have 'best friends' within their herds, as they get stressed when separated from certain other cows. 
To make themselves feel better, 4 out of 5 people in the world are likely to diss other people, because they suffer from low self-esteem! 
Japan's Okinawa Island has more than 450 people living above the age of 100, and is known as the healthiest place on Earth. 
Sprinkling sugar on a wound, a traditional African remedy, is medically proven to help wounds heal faster and stop bacteria growth! 
Eminem’s mother sued him for $10M because he made offensive remarks about her in songs but she only received $1600. 
Brain surgery is performed on people while they are wide awake as the human brain has no pain receptors resulting in them feeling no pain. 
According to a psychologist, spending money gives happiness and a person feels happiest after spending it on others and rather on themselves 
In ancient Ireland, sucking on a King's nipples used to be regarded as a kind gesture, considered as submission to the King! 
The Nazi doctors invented a drug which made the soldiers march around 55 miles without a break after which they died. 
Studies show, these are the top sign that a male likes a female  
The great boxer, Muhammad Ali protested against racial discrimination in the US by throwing his Olympic gold medal into the Ohio river. 
In the history of Tae Kwon Do, Chuck Norris was the first person from the West to be ranked a 8th Degree Black Belt Grand Master. 
People don't look nearly as attractive when you flip the symmetry on their face! These pics say it all  
The original plot of the movie “the human centipede” was conceived by the director as ways to punish child molesters. 
1 liter bottle of Mountain Dew packs 32 cubes of sugar and 40% more caffeine than Coke. 
10^10^100 is the biggest number called 'Googolplex' and it would require the complete universe to write down all the zeros in this number. 
A psychologist tried to raise a female chimpanzee, Lucy like a human and one day found Lucy masturbating to a copy of Playgirl in her room. 
If you make more than about $75,000 a year, money can buy happiness, according to a study carried out at Princeton University! 
An island country named Niue, had picture of Pokemon's Pikachu on their currency in 2001. 
A survey done by an International organization in Afghanistan found that around 92% of the Afghan men haven't even heard of 9/11. 
It's actually really weird that you can purchase alcohol here  
Dr. Seuss placed a bet of $50 with his publisher that he’ll write a story with 50 words only. He won by writing “Green Eggs and Ham”. 
These cities have the highest gay-to-straight ratio in the US  
A doctor intentionally overdosed himself on cocaine just to write down the last minute experience of the drug before death. 
About 69% of the marriages in Ethiopia are done by kidnapping the bride. 
There is a program on German television which teaches the teenagers "How to hide a boner." 
"Man of Steel, Woman of Kleenex", an essay written in 1971, explained why a woman should not have sex with Superman. 
Check out olympian Ryan Lochte's diamond american flag grill he made for his teeth!  
Kris Humphries and Snoop Dogg have man caves in their houses! Check out the pics  
During their periods, women are actually quicker at detecting snakes. 
Narcissism originated from a Greek man named "Narcissus" who was cursed by gods to fall in love with his own reflection for breaking hearts 
Originally French Toast were called German toast but after WW2 when the hatred for Germans grew, its name was changed. 
Originally French Toast were called German toast but after WW2 when the hatred for Germans grew, its name was changed. 
The longest hangover ever experienced by anyone, lasted for about 4 weeks, after a man from Glasgow drank 60 pints. 
According to reports from NASA there are about 2 billion earth-like planets in the Milky Way only. 
I bet you didn't know this about one of history's biggest monsters:  
One of the most famous music videos of all time “Thriller” by Michael Jackson has been viewed by over 4 billion people worldwide. 
The myth that carrots improve eyesight was made by the British army in WW2, to tell the world that their pilots could see Nazis in the dark. 
There is a condition opposite to a pedophile, “gerontophile” in which the sufferers have a sexual preference for people who are older. 
The Nazi leader, Hitler and the founder of the Ford Motor Company, Henry Ford, kept framed photos of each other on their desk. 
If you hold the head of a chicken still and draw a straight line while chicken is looking at it, it will be hypnotized for 30 minutes. 
China's richest man with a worth of US $21.8 billion, Zong Qinghou, eats the same meals as his workers and lives on only $20 a day! 
This state has issued at least 6 drivers licenses to people named Jesus Christ! >>  
During sex when male Bed Bug reaches orgasm, it drills a hole in female's abdomen with his penis and injects sperms directly there. 
If travelling underground 'through' the Earth, it would take humans only up to 42 minutes to go from one place to anywhere else in the world 
Most of the famous brands of sunglasses including Ray-Ban, Oakley and Versace are actually made by one Italian company Luxottica. 
Richard G. Rosner, the man who possesses second most highest I.Q ever, worked as a nude model and a stripper. 
This iPhone app allows you to see what your face looks like with different types of moustaches!  
The human body is just plain WEIRD  
Almost 60 percent of all the terrorists are engineering graduates. 
“Floccinaucinihilipilification” is an actual word from English language which means “Estimating something as worthless” 
There exists a specie of birds in Europe named as "Great Tits." 
The total amount of bandwidth consumed by Youtube in 2007 was equal to the bandwidth used by all internet users around the world in 2000. 
In Kentucky, there exists more barrels of Bourbon whiskey (4.8 million) than people (4.2 million). 
Scientifically, this is what makes us attractive to other people  
In 1474 in Switzerland, a rooster was put on trial and sentenced to death "for the heinous and unnatural crime of laying an egg." 
100% of people will be diagnosed with some sort of mental disorder on their 1st meeting with a psychologist regardless they have it or not. 
There were experts in medieval times who used to taste the urine of people to diagnose different diseases. 
Isaac Newton had contributed more to the research on Bible and occult sciences than on physics and mathematics. 
The caramel candy Sugar Daddy was initially named "Papa Sucker" when introduced in 1925. 
Almost 9 out of 10 people in America eat pizza at least once a month, about 350 slices per second and 100 acres of pizza a day. 
Almost 1.3 million women are raped in America every year, producing over 32,000 pregnancies from rape annually. 
The burgers from McDonald's do not rot or decompose and retain its original shape, color and texture. 
NASA will pay $15,000 to anyone who is willing to sit in bed for 87 days, to help research the effects of zero gravity. 
A 62-year old man with impaired vision and hearing got struck by lightning and when he woke up the next day, he could hear and see! 
There are GPS shoes available that will guide you home by simply clicking the heels together. 
“One and only” was the name of a tortoise who lived through 3 centuries, born in 1750 and died in 2006, when it reached 250 years of age. 
China, during the 2008 Olympics used airplanes, rocket launchers and anti aircrafts guns to stop rain by shooting chemicals into the clouds. 
After her death, the former husband of Marilyn Monroe, Joe DiMaggio, had fresh roses delivered to her crypt 3 times a week for 20 years! 
The way we think, our mood, or even our perception about world can be altered by music. 
Don't send your daughter to this college, it has the initials "BJ" in it  
The ingredient used in perfumes to help its smell stay longer on your skin is actually whale’s vomit also known as Ambergris. 
The new iPhone 5 has an 8 megapixel camera, while the human eye possesses the quality of a 576 megapixel camera! 
The hottest selling product ever made is Rubik's cube, it outsold all iPhones combined, by 100 million units. 
A study showed that observing anger through sarcasm improves analytical thinking and makes a person more creative. 
'Mental pain' is actually increased by pretending as if you are okay when you are not! 
P. Diddy was sued for $1 trillion by a woman named "Valerie Turks", also his ex, who claimed that he caused 9/11. 
The total amount of data transferred on internet in 1993 was less then the amount of data transferred in a second in 2008. 
This is one of the deadliest viruses in the world, and you can get it from touching hands with someone  
Specifically for the Nazis, Coca Cola decided to make a fruit-flavored soda when there was a shortage of syrup, and invented Fanta! 
With a little Photoshop, flipping the symmetry of someone's face can actually make a beautiful celeb not-so-sexy. Pics:  
"Zombie Fungi" infects an ant, takes control of its mind and force the ant to moves to a place suitable for the fungi and then kills it. 
Dimples are actually caused by a facial muscle called the zygomaticus major, being abnormally short! 
It's quite strange that you can actually buy alcohol at this place!  
If you curse, people will remember what you say more, as swearing directly affect the emotions of the listener more than normal words! 
William Patrick Hitler, Hitler's nephew who served in the US Navy, wrote an article in 1939 titled “ Why I Hate My Uncle”. 
Eye opening:  
Attempting to commit suicide was once considered illegal in England, and was ironically punishable by death! 
Masturbation, in Victorian era was considered harmful and to stop it a metal ring was put around the penis so if it erects spikes protrude. 
You are more likely to win a Nobel Prize or become a president of US if you are eldest among your siblings, first borns have higher IQ level 
Coca-Cola's recipe is considered to be the most guarded secret in the corporate world for the last 130 years. 
Coca-Cola's recipe is considered to be the most guarded secret in the cooperate world for the last 130 years. 
"Gulabi gang" is the name of a gang of women in India, that on call beats up abusive husbands with brooms. 
The richest rapper in the world is...  
In 1978, when the game Space Invaders was released in arcades in Japan, it resulted in a nationwide shortage of 100 Yen coins. 
Once Andre the Giant, in a hotel bar drank 127 beers and wasn't moved until he woke up after he passed out in the lobby because of his size. 
In the 17th century, one way to divorce wife in England was "Wife selling" 
If a line is drawn using chalk around ants they will never cross it. 
Your eye color can identify your personality traits! See what your eye color means!!  
According to the law "A dying person is not presumed to lie", so your dying words can be used as a testimony and evidence in court. 
In almost 76 percent of their pictures on Facebook, British people are drunk. 
The primary function of sleep in humans is to save the important info in permanent memory and delete all the unimportant junk from the mind. 
A "condom ambulance" is a vehicle in Stockholm, Sweden that delivers a 10-pack of condoms right to your doorstep when called upon! 
XBox, Wii, Playstation and all other game consoles are banned in China since 2000 but they are all made in china. 
An American pornographic actress, Lisa Sparxxx, holds the world record for having sex with the most guys ( 919) in a single day! 
Your zodiac sign can determine what type of sex you prefer! See what your sign means  
A psychological study confirms that the presence of beautiful women ignite stupid behavior in men. 
A study showed that the more intelligent a person is the more chances of him/her using drugs such as marijuana and cocaine. 
For a stretch of 30 feet, a Formula One Racecar is capable of being outrun by Usain Bolt if both start from a complete stop. 
Studies have shown that if you over think you tend to end up creating problems for yourself which weren't there in the first place. 
In 2012, 3 men took bullets while protecting their girlfriends during a shooting spree in a theater in Colorado showing the Batman movie. 
200 cases in the last 300 years have been reported of spontaneous human combustion, when a person bursts into flame for no apparent reason. 
You won't believe and are spokespeople for this weird company!  
Research has shown that the even when a human is asleep, the human mind is capable of sensing that someone is staring at them! 
A popular Japanese folklore monster known as the "Shrime" is said to have his eye placed in his anus. 
If all the gold on Earth was dug up and distributed among the entire population, each person on Earth would have enough gold to make 5 rings 
Repeatedly hearing a lie actually makes us believe on it. This is called "Illusion of Truth" and it effects 100% of all humans. 
"Truth Wizards" are people who have the natural ability to detect if a person's lying or not. 
The deadliest TV drama to ever get produced was “the sword of Tipu Sultan” claiming 62 lives during filming. 
Luis Garavito, a Colombian serial killer, raped and killed 147 young boys and was convicted for only 22 years in prison. 
Italian Leonardo Da Vinci, most famous for his paintings, invented the parachute in 1515. 
In a fight over a parking space, a 41-year-old Chinese woman killed a man by squeezing his testicles. 
In Northwestern China, archaeologists found a 2700 year old body of blue-eyed Caucasian buried along with 789 grams of marijuana. 
This is considered the most infectious disease in the world, and you can get it from your HANDS!  
Motion Blindness is a disorder in which the person can not see or perceive motion, rather views everything as snapshots. 
Sexually frustrated people are considered more likely to rip and tear the labels off of soft drink and beer bottles. 
Your eye color can identify your personality traits! See what your eye color means!  
Saturnalia was an Ancient Roman Festival where the slaves and their masters switched places and performed each other’s task to show loyalty. 
The mummy of Ramesses II had its own passport made when it was flown to Paris in 1974 and listed "King (deceased)" in the occupation bar. 
A cat, in a Rhode Island nursing home, has special ability through which it has predicted the death of 50 patients. 
Celebrities have a sense of humor too! If you love photo-bombing, you'd get along great with this celeb. Pics:  
In 1920s, a dog waited for 9 years after the death of his master outside the train station every morning until he himself passed away. 
3 People stole the secret recipe of Coke and contacted Pepsi to sell it, Pepsi immediately informed the FBI and Coke about it. 
Congratulations on getting re-elected To celebrate, lets take a look at some funny Barack pics  
Close to 70% of all humans have experienced the hypnic jerk, which is a falling sensation which wakes you up suddenly as you r almost asleep 
By memorizing the lyrics of songs, you can reduce the risk of developing psychological disorders and increase memory capacity. 
The bulletproof vest was actually invented by a pizza delivery guy from Detroit, after he was shot twice on the job! 
Beer is actually more nutritious than wine and it also keeps your arteries free of blockages. 
As lemon juice is used to make invisible ink, a man tried to rob a bank thinking he was invisible by putting lemon juice on his face. 
When he was younger, Justin Timberlake entered and won a pageant! See which one it was  
To keep girls from having sex, the 'Little Red Riding Hood' fairytale was written, using the 'big bad wolf' as a metaphor for a penis! 
This celebrity had a nose job! See the before and after shots and see which you think looks better  
Mozart, famous music composer of the 18th century composed a song titled "Lick Me in the Ass". 
On the morning of 9/11, there was a meeting scheduled for Michael Jackson on one of the Twin Tower of WTC, but he overslept and missed it. 
About one in every 5000 newborn babies have to get a butt hole manually drilled by the doctors as they are born without it! 
The sudden feeling of jolt or falling experienced when you’re about to fall asleep is classified as a mild epileptic seizure. 
Kris Humphries and Snoop Dogg have man caves in their houses! Check out the pics  Nice! 
Among the 19 terrorists that attacked the World Trade Centre on September 11, 2001, not even a single one belonged to Iraq or Afghanistan. 
90% of all people who use illegal drugs have an above average IQ level. 
The white skin originated only 6000 thousand years ago, prior to which all humans were black. 
You're allowed to bring a personal parachute to a commercial airline but are not allowed to wear it. 
The great renaissance artist, Raphael is said to have died in 1520 at the age of 37, for having excessive sex. 
A very high % of guys find THIS sexy about women  
"Gaymer" is a slang term used for gay, bisexual, lesbian, or transgender people who are fond of gaming. 
The managers of the porn star, Sunny Lane are her parents and they claim that they are very proud of her career. 
It has been found that out of the 71 certified supercentenarian ( humans above 110 years of age) alive, 66 are females and only 5 are males. 
Women orgasm much faster if their clitoris is closer to their vagina. This was a discovery made by Napoleon Bonaparte's great-grandniece. 
An association for blind golfers is present and its motto is "You don't have to see it... to tee it". 
Between 2006 to 2012, A British music awards show the NME Awards named George Bush as the "Villain of the Year" for 6 consecutive years! 
Your zodiac sign can determine what type of sex you prefer! See what your sign means  
Vin Diesel has been playing the Dungeons & Dragons game for over 20 years and is a devoted player of the game. 
The pattern of activity in the brain if the feeling of hate arises is similar to the pattern of activity ignited by the feeling of love. 
It might not affect your vote, but take a look at which presidential candidate the experts say is more "beautiful"  
To store all of the digitally available information in the world, only 2 grams of human DNA would be needed. 
Who wouldn't want to watch hot chicks read our facts of the week? Subscribe now and be the first to see 'em all  
During the WW2, at the Jasenovac camp, a few guards put a bet on who could kill the most no. of people in 1 night, the winner killed a 1000. 
The tissue that's responsible for erection in the human penis is also found in the ears and nose. 
Your pinky may be cut off if you break a pinky swear in the Japanese Mafia. 
The chances of you making someone laugh increase when the other person (who you want to laugh) is more attracted to you! 
In Guam, there exists a full-time job for men in which they have to travel the countryside, and 'deflower' young virgins!! 
The students of MIT have made a “Like a hug” vest which squeezes every time someone likes your Facebook activity. 
Lieserl Einstein was the name of the Einstein's daughter, of whom, after first year of her birth, no one knows what happened. 
In the first air to air combat in 1914, the first ever plane was shot down by the pilot of another plane with just a simple hand gun. 
More adult diapers are sold in Japan than children's diaper because old people have outnumbered the young ones. 
Hitler, in WW1 trimmed his handlebar moustache into his famous tooth brush style because his previous style didn't fit into the gas mask. 
Dan Castellaneta the voice behind Homer Simpson was paid $125,000 per episode in 2000s. 
The most successful porn star of all time Jenna Jameson initially worked at Disneyland. 
The astronauts from Apollo Mission were isolated and kept for check up for 21 days to make sure they weren't infected by an alien virus. 
A guy named Ioannis Ikonomou, was able to speak 32 languages fluently. 
Out of all animals living on planet earth, only human beings have pubic hairs. 
"Vanity sizing" is a technique used by clothing brands by labeling clothes to a smaller size than the actual to make buyers feel thin. 
These alcohol brands shape their liquor bottles like skulls and penises!  
1 out of 5 million male born with a condition called Penile Agenesis, which is being born literally without penis. 
Greek used to believe in a god who was famous for having a immensely big erect penis. 
There is a park in Arkansas USA called the Crater of Diamonds that lets you keep any naturally occurring diamond you find. 
The United States had planned to use the drug Marijuana in chemical weapons to induce psychic behaviour among enemies. 
"Whole stuffed camel" is the largest item on any menu in the world, served at the weddings of Arabs. 
We recognize her from TV, but you'd never guess that she doesn't drink alcohol  
According to the constitution of the Ancient Sparta, homosexual mating was compulsory for the soldiers, to increase their efficiency. 
In Japan you can buy a motorbike which literally uses animal poop as fuel. 
"Mondegreen" is a term used to describe when you misheard lyrics of a song. 
WD40, the rust prevention spray has “40” in its name because the it took researchers 40 attempts to get the formula right. 
Henry Earl, a person living in the United States, has been arrested by the police over 1300 times. 
If the Chernobyl disaster happened again the effects would be 10 times worse than Hiroshima's and would finish half of Europe. 
The word "serendipity" is considered to be one of the top ten most difficult English word to translate in any other language. 
Here's the deal with medical marijuana, plus how & where it's legal  
Famous scientist, Tesla was deeply in love with a female pigeon and once said "I loved that pigeon as a man loves a woman, and she loved me" 
See what happened when these dolphins accidentally took a heroine-like drug!  
Be one of the first to see our beautiful models discuss the facts of the week! Subscribe now!  
US only accounts for 5% of the global population but it houses almost 33% of the global obese weight. 
The famous Golden Gun from the James Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun" was stolen in 2004 and is still missing. 
The world record for staying up for the longest time and keeping the reflexes alert was made by a 17 year old boy of 11 days. 
Octopus, shrimp, horseflesh and cow tongue are popular flavours of ice cream in Tokyo. 
These people are medically diagnosed with phobias that make them scared of KIDS and the color PURPLE!  
In the Canary Islands, there is a language consisting of just whistles. This language has over 4,000 words. 
Narcocorridos is a mexican music genre which romanticises the lifestyle of drug lords by referring to the real life criminal activities. 
More people have set foot on the moon than have been under sea below a depth of 240 meters. 
Ferriman–Gallwey score is a scientific method and scale to measure the hairiness in a woman. 
The level of trust between two people increases by simply hugging for 20 seconds due to the release of a chemical called Oxytocin. 
These are the most common subconscious things that make us "attracted" to that special person  
New York city residents can get free condoms and lube by calling 311. 
"Hakuna Matata" the term used in Disney movie Lion King is actually a Swahili phrase which means “there are no worries”. 
The risk of heart attack and stroke in men can be reduced by 50% by simply having sex three times a week, a study suggests. 
The character with the most movies (897) done so far is DEVIL. 
Seth MacFarlane and Mark Wahlberg, were booked on the flight that hit the WTC on 9/11, Sett missed it and Mark changed his mind last minute. 
The term "Douchebag" was initially used to refer a sluty woman who need "cleaning" to attract the opposite sex. 
Your eye color can identify your personality traits! See what your eye color means  
"The more you play with it, the harder it gets" was the tag line used by SEGA in 1990's to sell Genesis. 
All the women employed by Australian navy are offered free boob jobs by the government. 
The man with the largest penis (13.5 inches), was once stopped by security at airport after noticing alarmingly huge bulge in his pants. 
A psychological disorder, Walking Corpse Syndrome or Cotard syndrome, forces the patient to believe that he/she is DEAD. 
See what Shia LaBeouf, Fergie, Ryan Gosling, Raven Symone, and Michael Sera have in common!  
Parrotfish has an ability to spontaneously change its gender from female to male. 
The police dogs are given a proper police funeral if killed during a mission and it is a crime to attack them. 
In China, a man divorced and sued his wife for $120,000 for being ugly and won the case. 
In Singapore if you do not flush the toilet in public bathrooms after using it, you are punished with a $500 fine. 
Album “The Dark Side of the Moon” by Pink Floyd remained on the Billboard chart for more than 14 years (741 weeks). 
Mafia II is the video game with the most swearing ever, using the word "fuck" 200 times. 
You'd never guess this sport causes the most sports related injuries!  
The snow flakes you see in the early movies were actually popcorns. 
Deep voice is considered as a sex appeal in men but deep voiced men actually tend to have lower sperm counts. 
In 13th century, Khutulun, a warrior princess wanted to only marry the person who would defeat her in a wrestling match, 100 men failed. 
In 13th century, Khutulun, a warrior princess wanted to only marry the person who would defeat her in a wrestling match, 100 men failed. 
If a Wandering Spider (found in Brazil) bites a person, it can cause a serious erection that may lead to impotence in the victim. 
"Super Duper Titty Fruit" is actually a name of a fruit that look exactly like Cow's Udder. 
Waylon Jennings, a musician, in the 1980s, spent around $1500 on cocaine, every day. 
Sylvester Stallone had to sell his dog for $50 to sustain, he finally sold the script of Rocky for $25,000, bought his dog back for $15,000 
During a visit to the US, the Russian President Yeltsin got madly drunk, went outside the White House in his underwear to buy pizza. 
The continent with the lowest birth rate is Antarctica with only 11 children being born there so far. 
"Snollygoster" is a term used to describe a politician who works for his self interest and not for the people. 
In Sparta, for a marriage to be complete, the bride had to shave her head and dress up as a man and have sex with her groom. 
Science shows that these are the main components that make us attracted to a person  
The reason why Hitler kept a moustache was because he thought his nose looked big without it. 
This is considered the most infectious disease in the world, and you can get it from your HANDS!  
On every mission there are cyanide pills packed with the luggage of NASA astronauts, in case they fail to get back to the earth. 
Will Smith turned down this legendary role  Talk about regret! 
In 1941, a junior high school basketball game ended at a score of 139-8 and all the points in the winning team were scored by Bob Harrison. 
Sweaty feet and cheese smells alike because the bacteria used in making strong smelled cheese is the same one found on human feet. 
Human brain shuts off your vision for very a short time when you move your head quickly just to stop you having a motion blur. 
Japan has officially organized the world's biggest ORGY, including 500 people having sex at one place. 
“Gadsby” is the 50,000 words story book written without using the alphabet “e" even once. 
In 1776, the slogan printed on American currency was "Mind your business". 
The company that owns Trojan condoms, Church & Dwight, also owns the First Response pregnancy tests. 
You won't believe and are spokespeople for this weird company  
Having large penises was thought to be funny in the Ancient Greek times. 
You won't believe THIS about vaginas  
The man that got the fastest speeding ticket ever was for driving at a speed of 242 mph. 
Music effects the mood and behaviour of people and that is why retail shops play slow music as it makes buyers spend more time and money. 
There exists a species of turtles known as the Chinese soft-shelled turtles, that urinate out of their mouth. 
Historians believe that Genghis Khan with his fellow Mongolians killed around 11% of the world's population. 
Heroine, cocaine, and nicotine are 3 of the most addictive substances in the world! This next item, YOU might use>>  
A man was sued for £100,000 for making a 1 minute long "song" that is nothing but silence. 
For almost 13 years from 1998 to 2010, Steve Jobs has been seen only wearing a black turtle neck, blue jeans and joggers. 
Einstein and Newton had been suffering from disorder called Asperger Syndrome which gives unusually advanced abilities in specific areas. 
In 17th century, Hawaiian Queen, Keopuolani, was considered so sacred that even touching her shadow was punishable by death. 
The psychological test results show symptoms of being in love very similar to severe OCD- Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. 
Your zodiac sign can determine what type of sex you prefer! See what your sign means  
The first people to led a public campaign against smoking and banning it from public areas were Nazis. 
A research shows that men who watch sexually explicit content are more optimistic in their approach and outlook. 
Peter the great of Russia made his wife look at the face of her lover that he beheaded, everyday after finding about their affair. 
The longest prison sentence ever was for 384,912 years for having failed to deliver 4000 letters, in 1972. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger, when serving in the Austrian army had a portable gym inside his tank. 
“Nigger Toes” is a common street name used for Brazil Nuts. 
Drumroll please: the worst movie of all time  
Breast implants contain an ingredient which is also found in Chicken McNuggets, called Polydimethylsiloxane. 
The chances of someone else having the exact same fingerprints as you are about 1 in 64 billion! 
The term "assassin" has its roots in the term "hashishiyya” which means users of hash. 
A research showed that an average dog has the intellect of a 2 year old child and can understand up to 250 words and gestures. 
Most guys find this sexy  
The american actress Mila Kunis has a condition called heterochromia in which a person has two different coloured eyes. 
There are 9 different ways in which "ough" can be pronounced: rough, dough, ploughman, Scarborough, slough, coughed and hiccoughed. 
A Dutch man at the age of 32 began a free "baby making" service and in 9 years time he has 82 children spread around the globe. 
The world's most venomous living creature, Box Jellyfish has 24 eyes and 4 brains. 
In 2005, Union Square in Manhattan was flooded with kiwi strawberry flavored fluid when world's biggest 17.5 ton popsicle melted prematurely 
Rhotacism is a speech problem in which a person is unable to pronounce ”R's” and speak "W's" instead. 
Eating fast food is occasionally ok, but don't get this, it's the worst!  
Technically the world should have ended around 13 months ago according to the Mayan calendar because it didn't account for leap years! 
The Band-Aid was invented in 1920 by Johnson & Johnson employee Earle Dickson for his wife who often cut and burned herself while cooking. 
The original thought behind having bridesmaids was to confuse evil spirits so they couldn’t guess who the actual bride was. 
The real full name of famous rapper Akon is actually 'Aliaune Damala Bouga Time Puru Nacka Lu Lu Lu Badara Akon Thiamin'. 
Seth MacFarlane, creator of Family Guy drew his first cartoon characters at the age of 2. 
Yahoo in the year 1997 turned down the offer to acquire Google for just $1 million, a company thats worth $200 billion today. 
In Germany its a tradition to kidnap the bride, by her family after the wedding and the groom has to find her, to prove his love. 
A Red Tibetan Mastiff dog named Big Splash was sold for $1.5 million in China and its semen is predicted to be sold for $100,000 per load. 
Many states in America allow rapists to have the custody of the children conceived by rape who’s mothers decided to give them birth. 
There exist a technique of future forecasting by reading a person's ass. 
This is a REAL major in college. I'm sure people getting this are SO useful to society  
Before the stethoscope was invented, doctors used to put their head next to a woman's breasts to measure their heart rate! 
Lucky Diamond Rich, the world's most tattooed person has tattoos on his entire body including the inside of his mouth and whole PENIS. 
Every heartbeat adds up a thousand sperms in human males. 
By the end of 2050, there will be almost 6 million people aged 100 and above. 
A stray dog nicknamed Xiaosa covered 1700km across China with the cyclists when he joined a cycle race after one of the bikers gave him food 
Flashback: before you vote this year, remember, this is what looked like back in the day  
There is a German beer that was permitted to register with the brand name “Fucking Hell" 
There are more than 1200 billionaires in the world today, out of which 50% belong to the US. 
The inventor of corn flakes, John Kellogg believed if someone masturbated their foreskin be sewed with silver wire and clitoris be burnt. 
Although he never disclosed, it was strongly believed that Albert Einstein was madly in love with Marilyn Monroe. 
A study was done by the University of Oklahoma in 1962 to see how much intake of LSD would make an elephant "violent and uncontrollable" 
Batman and Robin comics had allegations of homosexuality in 1950's. 
A 10 year old girl from Yemen became the youngest girl to get divorced in 2008. 
Being creative or good at drawing isn't a skill, your brain actually determines what you're good at. This is how>>  
When you laugh at a joke after understanding it, it requires brain activity in five different areas of the brain! 
Only a small percentage of people are able to recognize all 10 of these  
"Maple Syrup Urine Disease" is a medical disorder found in babies in which their urine smells of maple syrup. 
In Australia, there exists a place called "Burning" or "Wingen" mountain where a coal fire has been burning for more than 5,000 years! 
Around a 100 billionaires, worldwide have signed 'the giving pledge' in which they promise to give away half of their wealth to the needy. 
The name of Jean Claude Van Damme's first movie character was Gay Karate Man. 
These are the most common stolen items from students on a college campus  
One of the most hated men in the world, Adolf Hitler had 42 known assassination attempts on his life! 
Jimi Heselden, the owner of Segway Inc. died by riding on his Segway. 
The need to kiss does not have a physical explanation. It is still unknown why humans find pleasure in exchanging saliva. 
It is possible to become permanently blind if you stay in complete and utter darkness for more than 3 days! 
The word "hooker" stems from the name of an area in Manhattan, Corlear's Hook, which was very famous for prostitution. 
Your eye color actually affects your personality. Here's what each color means  
There is no air pressure in space, so if you were to go out in space, you would explode before you even have the chance to suffocate! 
In 1983 Marvel Comics published a comic ‘your friendly neighborhood Spider-Ham’ about a 'Spider-Pig' named Peter Porker. 
African-American men are 50% less likely to commit suicide but 6 times more likely to be the victim of planned killings than white men. 
During an ejaculation the initial spurt travels at 28 miles/hr which is faster than the world record by the Usain Bolts at 100m sprint. 
A gay man named Glenn Burke invented the 'high-five', now a common celebratory hand gesture! 
Very few people know this celebrity actually dropped out of high school  
Masturbation with soap as a lubricant can have life threatening consequences on your health. 
The longest Penis ever recorded among all living things ever lived was of Tyrannosaurus Rex at 4 meters. 
The only thing better than having a job is having an #awesome job that you enjoy>>  
Headaches and migraines in women can be cured by simply achieving an orgasm, a study suggests. 
According to law if an HIV patient knowingly has sex with someone without telling them of his/her disease, could be charged with murder. 
The gang that committed the great train robbery (£2.6 million) in 1963 England, played Monopoly with real money after looting the train. 
The famous Oprah Winfrey was raped when she was nine years old also got pregnant at the age of 14. 
The boobs of women who smoke tends to sag very quickly because smoking destroys a protein called elastin, which gives boobs elasticity. 
The Barenaked Ladies, a Canadian rock band is famous for recording one song from its every album completely naked. 
After 25 years of happy marriage husband and wife start to resemble each other, a study suggests. 
The world's largest condom was made in China to promote World Population Day in 2003 and stood at 260 feet tall, 330 feet around. 
In 2009, the total population of North Korea was almost 24 million out of which only 605 were internet users. 
Before WWII, Gandhi wrote an article for Britain, advising them to not fight against Nazis and let them take the possession of England. 
The mother of Selena Gomez was only 16 years old at the time when she gave birth to her! 
Vesna Vulovic, a Yugoslavian flight attendant, was on a flight which exploded in mid air, but miraculously survived the 33,000 foot plunge! 
The legendary Egyptian Pharaoh, King Tutankhamun, had a family of 5 sisters, of which one of them was also his mother! 
There was a man named Carl Tanzler who was in love with an ill woman and after her death, kept her body in his home for 7 years. 
Many Colombian men follow a strange tradition of falling in love and having sex with donkeys. 
A highly motivating factor behind the high suicide rate in Japan is that the families get insurance money even if you commit suicide. 
Every year about 32000 babies are born from pregnancies caused by sexual assault and rape in the US. 
The term Whisky or Whiskey comes from the Gaelic word ‘usquebaugh’ which translates to ‘water of life’. 
"Münchausen by Internet" is a personality disorder in which internet users pretend to be ill to gain attention of others. 
In Family Guy, the character 'Glenn Quagmire' is supposed to be 61 years old, according to his driver's license shown in FOX-y Lady episode. 
According to the story of creation in Greek mythology, women are sent to earth as a punishment for disobedience. 
A homing pigeon was given a medal for saving 200 US soldiers by delivering a message even after being shot during the WW1. 
Elvis Presley on finding out about her wife's affair, forcefully had sex with her and said "This is how a real man makes love to his woman" 
The civil war insurgents in Nigeria, in 1967 took a 48 hours break just to a watch Pele play in a football match. 
The initial recipe of 7up used to contain lithium, a drug used to stabilize mood and cure depression. 
It was only after the 15th century that the word “girl” meant a female child before that it was used for a young person of either sex. 
Even though only 10% of the Indian population has access to Internet, its still ranked the 3rd country with most Internet users. 
A country named Ladonia has national anthem which is just a sound produced by throwing stone in the water. 
Inspired by an episode of Pokemon series showing a device which triggered fits, the US Army is making a gun that induces seizers in enemy. 
It is believed that sailors started wearing earrings so that if they died in foreign lands, the earrings could pay for their funerals! 
The reason why old cats meow or howl more in particular is because they suffer from the cat’s version of Alzheimer. 
Cognitive bias is when you think you've gained something but in reality you haven’t and this trick is used by shops when giving “discounts”. 
The correct plural of penis is "Penes" not penises in English language. 
Humans can turn into zombies because mind and body is two different entities, according to the concept of Dualism. 
One can hire a girlfriend on Facebook and get them to write anything on your wall for only $5. 
A serial killer tried to turn his victims into zombies for sexual pleasure by drilling holes and injecting drugs in the brains. 
Clitoris has 8000 nerve endings twice as many as the penis and more than any other part of human body. 
The US President , Jimmy Carter once forgot the American nuclear launch codes in his suit when it was sent for dry cleaning. 
To ensure that a pope has really died, it is a tradition to strike his head with a hammer thrice. 
The richest rapper in the world is...  
Once Rowan Atkinson, famously known as Mr. Bean, saved a plane crash when the pilot of his private jet fainted mid-flight. 
Gaslighting, a type of psychological abuse in which the victim is fed with so much false information that he starts to doubt his own memory. 
There actually exist 4 wise monkeys, not 3 wise monkeys, depicting the principles of see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil, do no evil. 
The movie with the highest body count is Lord of the Rings- Return of the King in which 836 characters were killed. 
Dr Seuss, the American writer married his mistress after his wife, fighting cancer for 13 years, committed suicide because of his infidelity 
In China a man spent 50 years of his life to carve 6000 steps in a mountain just so that his wife could walk easily. 
Making these changes to your life will actually help you to live longer  
A5 Processor for Apple's iPhone and iPad is actually manufactured by Samsung. 
Francis Miller Fesmire, a doctor, proposed that hiccups could be cured by massaging the asshole and won a nobel prize for it. 
There is a Tom and Jerry episode in which both the characters commit suicide on a rail track after failing in love. 
Elephants can also purr, just like cats and no one knows why? 
If you say this, you're probably a douchebag  
In 19th century, dwarfs and midgets were kept as toys for entertainment by the royal families of Spain. 
You can text “SHELTER + your ZIP code” to 43362 to locate the closest shelter in your area in case of a nuclear attack. 
For the first time in history the earth is inhabited by more obese and overweight people then those who are starving and malnourished. 
A waitress received $3 million when one of the customer split a lottery ticket with her in place of tip and won $6 million. 
There actually exist an African country named "Niger". 
Homophobic men, people who have fear of homosexuals, gets more aroused by watching gay porn than normal men. 
See which rapper made $18 million off 16,000,000 records... and went broke:  
Kim Jong II, the North Korean leader used to buy $800,000 worth of liquor every year. 
Kim Jong iI, the North Korean leader used to bought $800,000 worth of liquor every year. 
Hitler's office in the New Reich Chancellery in Berlin is 400m² large and if its built again it would cost over 1 billion dollars. 
The phrase "Once in a Blue Moon" refers to a time duration of about 2-3 years. 
There exists a chemical compound called "Fucitol", abbreviated as Fuc-K. 
The human brain goes through the same chemical changes when addicted to Twitter as do the brains of cocaine users! 
There exists a syndrome called Clinical Lycanthropy, in which the sufferer believes that he can or has transformed into a non-human animal. 
Studies show that sarcasm enhances the ability of the human mind to solve complex problems! 
Research has shown that the even when a human is asleep, the human mind is capable of sensing that someone is staring at them! 
Mind-blowing sex can actually erase a woman's memory temporarily! The medical term for this is transient global amnesia. 
These are real bumper stickers seen on actual cars. Seriously...  
This should NEVER be in a baby's crib, very dangerous!  
A merkin is a wig worn in the pubic region by those who genetically cannot grow pubic hair. 
Many Adult clubs in Thailand feature women smoking and playing musical instruments with their genitals. 
The movie Pulp Fiction had the word "Fuck" used about 257 times! 
Always tired? Feel like crap? Drink alcohol often? An easy way to "detox" your body  
In order to destroy German tanks, Soviets used suicide bombing dogs that were trained specifically during WW2. 
Bruce Lee’s actual corpse had a starring role in the movie “Game of Death” with clips taken from his funeral. 
‘Purga’ is a nightclub in Russia that celebrates every day as if it were New Years Eve, with the typical New Years Eve customs and whatnot. 
According to some archaeologists, Cleopatra wore a gold mask every night to maintain her youthful looking skin. 
Calvin Broadus got his pseudo ‘Snoop Dogg’ from his mother who loved Snoopy the Dog so much, that she started calling Calvin Snoopy. 
Pets can now get cosmetic testicle implants called Neuticles so that they can avoid the “self esteem and trauma” from castration. 
DogTV a new 24-hour channel is launched in San Diego that’s only for dogs to keep them company when their owners are away. 
There is a drug that reduces the urges to steal and stealing behaviour. 
Study suggests that whales were evolved from ancient species of wolves. 
In 1969, El Salvador waged war on Honduras all because Honduras had won a football match between the two countries. 
90% of hardcore gamers are now depicting the characteristics of their virtual world AVATARS in their real lives. 
In some remote areas of China, a tiger’s penis is considered delicacy because it is thought to be ultimate aphrodisiac. 
Most people don't know this about safe sex  
Isaac Newton’s devotion to science was so immense that he stuck a needle behind his eye just to test a hypothesis. 
An inventor has created a rollercoaster that is designed to kill. The Centrifugal force in the ride flushes the brain of blood and kills you 
50 Cent has bet with an unknown lady on Twitter that he’ll put up a picture of himself nude if the N.Y Giants lose the Super Bowl this year. 
Bangkok police arrested a 48 yr old man who broke into homes and stole panties since the last 30 yrs. 11,000 panties were found in his home. 
Facebook and Twitter is becoming new favorite investigative tools for divorce lawyers. 
These nice guys finished first... way first.  
Many historians believe that Hitler may have contracted Syphilis from a prostitute. 
"Little Younger Brother" is a Mandarin Chinese slang for penis. 
There exists a documentary made on the life and death of Kenneth Pinyan, the woman who died of having anal sex with a horse. 
Marijuana is now being used to treat Post Traumatic Stress disorder along with several other anxiety disorders. 
A new research suggests that video games can actually help in improving your eye sight and not worsen it as previously thought. 
In Japan you can buy pills, that guarantee to make your SHIT completely odorless in maximum 3 days. 
Here's how writing down your meals can help you lose weight!  
Microsoft engineers wrote 45 million lines of code for the Windows XP. 
The number 1 film on IMDB, The Shawshank Redemption, was actually a huge box office flop! 
Scientists believe that a sudden Zombie Attack could threaten the existence of humans if the situation is not dealt quickly and aggressively 
"Osama Bin Laden" is the name given to an elephant that killed 27 people of the village of onitpur. 
This guy made $22,928,145 from doing WHAT for a living?!  
When you're holding a gun, your brain subconsciously simulates that others are holding too. 
Ken Edwards of England holds the Guinness record for eating 36 cockroaches in one minute. 
The man behind SpongeBob SquarePants’ voice, Tom Kenny, decided to choose this when he heard a dwarf shouting. 
Continuum was a magazine which refuted the existence of AIDS and is not in publication any more because all it's editors died from AIDS! 
The first forms of breast implants started around 1895 and instead of silicone bags, glass balls or ivory were used. 
Saudi Aramco is an oil company that makes over $1 billion of revenues in the course of just one day! 
American daredevil, Evel Knievel, holds the record for the most bones broken in a lifetime. He broke his bones 433 times! 
Can you believe someone is ADDICTED to doing this?  
Humans have the longest and thickest penises when compare to other primates, when it comes to size and in proportion to overall body mass. 
A scientist has calculated that your chance of being born as you are in this very time, place and circumstance is 1 in 10^2,685,000. 
In the movie, Harry Potter and the Sorcerers' Stone, "Ook", the owl that played the role of Hedwig, was the first actor cast to be selected. 
A 45 year old man, John Triplette called the 911 emergency line over 27,000 times because he was too lonely. 
The creator of the game "Donkey Kong" thought the word "donkey" meant "stupid" in English; which is how the game got it's title. 
"Double-clicking your mouse" and "Playing disc jockey" are slang terms used for female masturbation. 
Among the other pallbearers at Bruce Lee's funeral, one o them was Chuck Norris. 
The daughter of Laurence Fishburne, best known for his roles as Morpheus in the Matrix, is a hardcore porn actress. 
if you grew up in the 90's, you'll surely remember these top video games  R-T if you fought over 1st player in them! 
The almost impossible act of inserting a fully erect penis into one's own ass is called autopederasty. 
The first glass bottle made in 700 B.C hasn't even started to decompose yet, that's because glass takes almost 1-2 million yrs to decompose. 
Of all the creatures on Earth, the Praying Mantis is the only one with a single ear. 
There's a movie called "Osombie" that features zombie Osama Bin Laden as the leader of a bunch of zombie followers. 
Dressing yourself like this could actually make you appear 10 lbs lighter!  
"Heil Honey I'm Home" was a British TV show that showed Hitler living next door to a Jewish couple. 
Starting from the year 2006, many people around the world celebrate December 22nd as 'Global Orgasm Day' to promote peace! 
The vagina of a female duck has several dead ends just to prevent fertilization from the wrong and unwanted male duck. 
A man named Zell Kravinsky gave all of his wealth ($45 million) to charity and after that donated his kidney to a stranger. 
Red Squirrels adopt orphan baby squirrels into their own family and raise them as their own babies. 
It is believed by a group of people that white race was created 6600 years ago as the "race of devils" by an evil scientist, Yakub. 
Always tired? Feel like crap? Drink alcohol often? An easy way to "detox" your body  
Egyptian kings didn't drink wine because for them, wine was the blood of men who fought against gods and thus ended up crazy after having it 
Mountain Dew Will Kill Your Sperm -- fact or myth? Here we answer  
The last words of Jack Daniel, the founder of Jack Daniel's Tennessee whiskey distillery, were "One last drink, Please" 
Just like OCD in humans, dogs have "dog compulsive disorder" and in which they chase their tails excessively. 
Supercentenarian are people who reach the age of 110 and above, and only 1 out every 1000 people above 100 reach this age. 
You cannot access Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, BBC, CNN, NYTimes and HuffingtonPost in China. 
This is the most popular lie men tell women  
Michael Jordan had a habit of sticking out his tongue every single time he jumped for a dunk. 
The cure for toothaches in ancient Egypt was to cut a living mouse into 2 halves and put one half on the aching tooth. 
A bolt of lightning can raise your body temperature more than the surface of sun and a man named, Roy Sullivan, has survived it 7 times. 
Humans have been eating popcorns since 4700 BC. 
Just like China Town in the US, there is an English Town in China where nobody is allowed to speak chinese . 
Can you believe someone is ADDICTED to doing this?  
Colors have an ability to change your alertness levels and blue color is most effective in keeping you alert even if blind. 
According to a UN report, of all the illiterate adult population in the world, almost 66% are women. 
A high school girl, Shaakira Dorsey, killed another girl just because she was teasing her with farting. 
In china so many people started to have sex in cable cars that the authorities had to erect a sign banning them from having sex on them. 
Your heart skips a beat for a millisecond when you sneeze, which is reported to be why people started saying "bless you" to people. 
There is a Muslim X-Men character, Dust, dressed in traditional Islamic clothes who has the ability to transform her body into dust. 
If you're lazy, here's the easiest costume for the last-minute people who still want to party for Halloween  
When on his deathbed Steve Jobs refused to wear an oxygen mask until he went through 5 different designs and finally found one that he liked 
A 60 year old man was arrested by police in South Dakota for performing sex acts on a traffic signal. 
All of the data created in the entire history, up until 2003, is less than what humans create today in just 2 days. 
You can drive a tank for your birthday or wedding in a place in Minnesota. They also allow smashing cars with it. 
These are must-have apps for storms, hurricanes, or any natural disaster  (R-T please) 
A girl was tricked into believing that the doctor will inject the vaccine of a fatal disease she had with his penis during sex with her. 
Maned wolves use their urine to communicate with opposite sex and their urine smells exactly like marijuana. 
You can actually fracture your penis! It happens mostly during rough sex, but overly enthusiastic masturbation can also cause it. 
During a baseball game, a couple engaging in sexual intercourse in a SkyDome hotel room was live broadcasted on the Jumbotron scoreboard. 
The dog food Pedigree and cat food Whiskas are produced by the same company that makes the famous chocolate candy M&M's. 
'Sexsomnia' is an actual sleep disorder which causes people to engage in sexual acts when they are asleep, which they don't even remember! 
Hiroo Onoda, a Japanese intel officer kept conducting guerrilla warfare till 1974 on a Philippine island because he didnt know WWII was over 
A bodyspray with the name of "Flame" was made by Burger King back in 2008 that made you smell like a whopper sandwich. 
You cannot maintain a penile erection in space. 
When exposed to stressful event, penguins can be very depressed and opt for suicide. 
A 50 year old woman from Switzerland was found starved to death after she thought she could survive without eating and by absorbing light. 
The inventor of Coca-Cola included alcohol and cocaine in the initial recipe and called it Pemberton’s French Wine Coca. 
In a survey, it was found that every 1 in 14 Americans would be ready to kill a person if he/she was offered 3 million dollars. 
The word "blow job" had a totally different meaning during the 1940's and 1950's. It was a slang for faster-then-the-speed-of-sound airplane 
It's public record that movie star, Mark Wahlberg was a 13 year old cocaine addict and a 16 year old attempted murder. 
It took Frodo, from the Lord of the Rings, 17 years to get the ring to the time he starts his quest; not a few weeks as the movie portrays. 
Daniel Radcliffe liked to use the prop magic wands as drum sticks and broke almost 80 of them throughout the Harry Potter series. 
To encourage Pandas to breed in captivity, zoo keepers show clips of pandas mating (panda porn) to them. 
American rapper and songwriter, Jay-Z, has gotten a Platinum for every studio and collaborative album he's released. 
If you watch all the movies from the SAW movie franchise, it'd take you a total time of 666 minutes. 
This guy made $22,928,145 from doing WHAT for a living?!  
When you cry, excess stress chemicals are pushed out of your body helping in stabilizing the body's chemicals, that is why you feel lighter. 
The regular 10 dollar bill from 1914 pictured a man growing hemp. 
In a survey 1 out of 5 adults agreed on peeing in the public swimming pool and this is what causes the redness of the eyes, not chlorine. 
Erections in men can occur at random because penis has a mind of its own and it is controlled by nervous system. 
The Snuggery is a service, in which you pay $60 an hour to hire someone to snuggle with you. 
If you can prove to the Nando's staff that you've been to all of their restaurants, you can eat free for life there. 
In a 90 min documentary movie "FUCK", you would hear the F word almost 857 times, that's about 9.52 times every minute! 
You thought they were rich, but this celeb owes a TON of money to the IRS. Pay up!  
The Speechjammer is a Japanese device that stops people mid-sentence when they are talking. 
These politicians all have different views, but have one thing in common; beautiful daughters! Pics:  
U.S government has spent $300 billion ($405 billion in 2012) to prepare for the Y2K Bug. 
A $30 million porn company was sold to Playboy by the world’s richest porn star, Jenna Jameson. 
While gambling 'almost winning' activates win-related circuitry in gamblers to gamble even more. 
"If I can do it, anybody can do it" is considered the most annoying statement from successful people. 
Here's how writing down your meals can help you lose weight!  
Kissenger is a new robotic device which is used to mimic and send kisses over long distances. 
A Chinese Entrepreneur has made a brew of tea, which will cost $200 a cup. It’s made of Panda dung! 
Neil Armstrong took the wood from the propeller of the Wright Brother's first plane to the moon. 
Orgasmic Birth is a documentary film which features many women who claim to have had an orgasm during labor. 
Bart Simpson, from the famous TV show, The Simpsons, has his voice done by a woman, Nancy Cartwright. 
If you do this like 13% of Americans do, you're a hardcore alcoholic!  
Pakistani Diplomat, Akbar Zeb, was not allowed to enter in Saudi Arabia just because his name can be translated to “Biggest Cock”. 
Condoms with barcodes are being made which the users can scan after using it with their Smartphone’s and check into a global map of safe sex 
Only one out of the seven Math Millennium Prize Problems has been solved. Solving each is worth 1 million dollars! 
‘Grindr’ is a new Smartphone app that lets homosexuals to locate each other using a geo-location feature. 
The terrifying sound produced by a person who's about to die is called “the death rattle”. 
Almost-winning at a Casino pumps more adrenaline in your bloodstream than actually walking away with loads of cash. 
This guy fell from the sky at 833.9 miles per hour!  
Arrogant, bullying, Ruthless, Stubborn. Just a few of the many words former and present-day colleagues say when describing Bill Gates. 
39,401 folks celebrated "Quit Facebook Day" on May 31st, 2010, by completely deleting their profiles from Facebook. 
The reason why women have orgasms has nothing to do with producing babies. It’s the same as men having nipples. 
Stieg Larsson, the author of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" witnessed the gang rape of a girl when he was 15. 
This app will help you sleep better  thank you #science. 
Stress dwarfism is a psychological disorder which do not let the suffrer grow in height and weight because of stress. 
Hawaiian Islands are born, when mother 'Earth' had sex with father 'Sky', according to Hawaiian lore. 
Study shows that richer people are more likely to lie, cheat and deceive. 
To prevent illegal online download, a band named Guster, released a album with all the songs replaced by cat meows. 
Cryptophasia is a language that some twins formulate and can only be understood by them. 
Genetically-engineered children that have three parents have been made possible by scientists. 
These nice guys finished first... way first.  
By cleaning up someone else’s trash, one feels a boost of self-esteem. 
It is a fact that there exist some families in the world who have no fingerprints at all! 
The 2012 prediction has pissed NASA to the extent that they has set up an entire web page debunking the phenomenon. 
Nobody is allowed to die in a village in Naples, Italy since March 2012. 
By practicing a lot, you can train your brain to read and write at the same time. 
Approximately eleven and a half omelettes can be made with a single Ostrich egg. 
'Kaelling' is a Danish word used for An ugly, miserable woman who yells obscenities at her kids. 
It would take you 2,487,996 yrs to randomly arrange 15 books on a shelf in every possible combination every minute! 
Shoppers buy more from attractive sales people. 
This should NEVER be in a baby's crib, very dangerous!  
Anorexia is the most lethal psychiatric disorder with 5 deaths per 1,000 people with anorexia per year. 
Many Casinos are set up as mazes on purpose for you to literally get lost in. 
Déjà vécu is the phenomenon of recognizing smells and sounds, which in real you never experienced before. 
French fries, burgers, tacos, we all love it. And the winner for most valuable fast food company is...  
A toddler's intelligence is higher than the most sophisticated A.I. computer. 
Charlie Chaplin is buried beneath 6 feet of concrete because in 1978, his body was stolen. 
Emotional tears from women reduce sexual arousal in men because, drop in testosterone provoked by the chemicals in the tears. 
Studies show this is the most commonly stolen item on a college campus  
In the very early days of its origination, Samsung used to sell dried fish and vegetables. 
Individuals who belong to a relatively high social class are more likely to engage in a variety of unethical behaviors. 
The University of California, Berkeley now holds classes for students to train in the strategy game Starcraft, and also hands out ‘homework’ 
Circus animal trainer Hannibal Cantori explained in a note that he saw his wife having sex with his horse, which is why he murdered her. 
A micro-nation called ‘The Gay and Lesbian Kingdom of the Coral Sea Islands’ does in fact exist. 
There is a book available in China "Harry Potter and the Chinese Overseas Students at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry". 
67% of Americans admit to doing this once and a while and 47% of Americans do this on a regular basis!  
With the total grossing money James Cameron's Titanic movie made, about 5 real life Titanics could've been built instead 
In China there is a website that lets you rent a girlfriend for as low as $31 for a week! 
When a fatal heart attack killed the Elvis Presley, he was sitting on a toilet and reading “The Scientific Search for Jesus”. 
Botulinum toxin is a chemical used in Botox, 1KG of this chemical is enough to wipe out entire human population. 
I forgot what I was going to tweet... oh! If you have a bad memory, doing THIS can actually help prevent forgetfulness  
You can buy a UFO detector from Amazon for $94.95. 
Most people don't know this about safe sex  
Japan's Okinawa Island has more than 450 people living above the age of 100, and is known as the healthiest place on Earth. 
"To my friends: My work is done. Why wait?" was written in the suicide note of Kodak founder George Eastman. He blew his head with a bullet. 
The easiest item to be stolen in the world is Music. 
Tyrannosaurus rex had the most powerful bite of any creature that has ever lived That's equivalent to a medium-sized elephant sitting on you 
There is a Vibrator that connects with your iPod and vibrates accordingly to the rhythm and beat of a song. 
18th-century philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau defined masturbation as 'mental rape'. 
Nintendo's 'Wii' is a slang for 'penis'. 
In the song "Sweet Child of Mine" when Axl rose sung "where do we go now?" he actually wanted to know the lyrics after this. 
Research shows that drinking alcohol after having a heart attack decreases the risk of heart disease by 42% percent. 
The Italian phrase “Il vino è squisito, pu io fondle i vostri genitals?” means “The wine is delicious, may I fondle your genitals?" 
In 2003 women from Liberia went on sex-strike just to end up the 14 year long civil war, they succeeded. 
89 percent strippers were raised in a religious home and 91 percent are still close with their parents. 
If you grew up in the 90's, you'd be lying if you said you didn't play these video games  
Porn star Ron Jeremy was a teacher with a bachelor’s degree in education and theatre, and a master's degree in special education. 
A man sued the other driver and won, 4 years after a car crash. He claimed that the crash turned him gay. 
These are real bumper stickers seen on actual cars. Seriously...  
Kurt Cobain suffered an unknown stomach problem that led to his heroin addiction, which was one of the sources that influenced his music. 
Men have one extra gene which is responsible for aggression when stressed. 
You can insure yourself against alien abduction,alien pregnancy and death caused by aliens. 
There is a children’s book called “Little Miss Camel Toe” written by Roger Hargreaves. 
A restaurant in Houston charges $12,000 to its customers for a 10-course meal that was served on the Titanic with the exact setting too. 
South Koreans have released an iPhone app that gives lonesome cell phone owners regular messages from a digital girlfriend named Mina. 
"Nurdle" is the name of the squiggly blob of toothpaste shown in many commercials. 
People on average; take 15 minutes to return to serious mental tasks after updating their Facebook status or sending Tweet. 
Moaning Myrtle, in the Harry Potter series is actually 46 years old woman! 
Kids who like to listen gangsta rap or heavy metal tend to more shy then other kids. 
The most popular Google search trend in 2010 was "Justin Bieber Syphilis" 
A woman has sued McDonalds and claims that the Fast Food giant is responsible for turning her into a prostitute. 
China produces 44% of the world's apple (the fruit) and 100% of the Apple Inc.'s products. 
Lying is a tough task for the brain. So when a person thinks too long over a question, chances are he’s lying. 
"Woman on top" position helps women build confidence in bed. 
The British Intelligence tried to feed Hitler with doses of oestrogen in order to make his moustache fall off. 
The part of brain that is responsible for turning experiences into memories shuts down during blackout after heavy drinking. 
After hearing about the 9/11 attacks, the Maasai tribe in Africa gave 14 cows to America as consolation. 
There exists a museum in Iceland that's dedicated entirely to Penises. 
The use of drugs being quite recent suggests that intelligent people use more drugs more frequently than less intelligent ones. 
These people were at the peak of their sport, but had all of their achievements striken because of DRUGS  
A synesthete is a disability that causes people to taste shapes, see music etc. To such a person “1996” has a pleasant apple-like fragrance. 
An American threw a rat into a pile of burning leaves and it ran into his house while still ablaze and burnt his house down. 
Heterosexual women are easily aroused when men with deeper voices whisper sweet nothings in their ears. 
Angelina Jolie has collected knives ever since she was 12 and used to cut herself during sex to increase the pleasure of the experience. 
There is an area in brain which causes pain when the people you envy had something good happen to them. 
Math anxiety is a psychological disorder which causes stress and anxiety when doing math problems. 
What do Muhammad Ali, Michael Jackson, Joe Frazier and Diana Ross have in common? They all hired Mr. T as their bodyguard. 
The Mayans never specifically predicted that "The world is ending on December 21st, 2012." 
Yorick, the rapist in 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo', was so disturbed by the scene that he spent the day locked in his room crying. 
Yorick, the rapist in 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo', was so disturbed by the scene that he spent the day locked in his room crying. 
The fear of being without a cell phone, nomophobia, is becoming a most common phobia now a days. 
It’s proven that all parts of the Human body can be replaced with machinery, except for the brain. 
Scientists have produced a new antidepressant drug that gives you an orgasm every time you yawn. 
A latest research showed that not only humans: but male fruit flies rejected from sex also turn to alcohol to relieve tension. 
Anger is in fact a form of positive energy and can be used as powerful motivating force towards achieving your goals. 
Based on reviews and critic ratings, this is the worst movie of all time  
The left wall of the vagina is more sensitive than the right wall. 
Psychologists say that when a man meets a woman, the first thing that comes to his mind is whether he'll have sex with her or not. 
When the people you envy are struck with misfortune, your rate of smiling increases. 
Beer gives you a healthy daily level of silicon which helps in strengthening the bones and teeth. 
When two people share a dislike of another person, it brings them closer. 
When an intoxicated person is blabbering, 60% of whatever he/she says is true. 
All breasts have the same number of nerve endings, no matter what their size is. This is also why smaller breasts are more sensitive. 
An animal-breeding experts were sent to Africa by Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, to try to produce an army of half-man, half-monkey soldiers 
Airplane crashes have a 96% survival rate! In the U.S, from 1983 to 2000, 51,207 out of 53,487 people survived airplane crashes. 
See which rapper made $18 million off 16,000,000 records... and went broke:  
In Terminator 2, Schwarzenegger only spoke 700 words and was paid $15 million. That means 'Hasta la vista, baby' cost $85,716! 
The term 'dude' was derived from the words 'duds' and 'attitude' and was created by Oscar Wilde and his friends. 
Baader Meinhof phenomenon is when a person learns a new word or phrase and sees that item many times right after learning it. 
These are real bumper stickers seen on actual cars. Seriously.  
In the 1500s, French women could label their husbands impotent which the husbands then had to prove wrong by ejaculating in the courtroom. 
Stories abt the end of the world fascinate us because human mind doesn't have the ability to accept that there is going to be an apocalypse. 
A woman named Kylee Hodgson gave birth to two twins in 2005, one was black and the other one white. 
There is a 42 year old, Russian woman who can lift up to 14 kg of weight with her vagina. 
A man died in Nigeria when his 5 wives, jealous of each other, raped him on knife point. 
Gaslighting, a type of psychological abuse in which the victim is fed with so much false information that he starts to doubt his own memory. 
Studies show, if you say this, you're probably a douchebag  
Humans are unable to taste pure water, but it does have a taste. 
The girl playing Carol in movie “Poltergeist” died at age of 12 due to a medical error and is now believed to haunt the Paramount Pictures. 
In the first season of “Friends” its cast made $22,500 per episode and by the ninth season they made $1 million per episode. 
The last words of the author of the famous “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory”, Roald Dahl, were "Ow, fuck!" 
According to American Psychology Association, there is a gene which turns people gay and lesbian and it s not a matter of choice. 
If you say this, you're probably a douchebag  
When we listen to our recorded voices, they always seem different and the reason for this is that the skull conducts lower frequencies. 
A man got out of bed, drove to his inlaws' house and killed his father and mother in law while sleepwalking! Court declared him innocent 
A wife in Texas, killed her husband unknowingly, by pouring 3 litres of alcohol into his ass. 
Boxer Sugar Ray dreamt of killing his opponent and backed out, but a priest convinced him to fight, he ended up killing the opponent. 
The third co founder of Apple, Ronald Wayne, in 1976 sold his shares in the company for $2400 and is currently selling stamps in Nevada. 
In 1814, there was a beer flood in London when a tank containing 300,000 gallons ruptured in which 7 people drowned. 
In the US more people die every year due to prescribed painkillers than by usage of all the illegal drugs combined. 
A 34-years-old man's penis fell off after he tried to inject cocaine in it to enhance his sexual performance. 
This man went in for a minor surgery and left without a testical  and more Dr's mistakes! 
Forgiving others for their mistakes is considered to be the number one trait which gives most happiness to humans. 
Even if you have a perfect and normal vision, there exists two colors that you have never seen. 
After hearing the song “Kim” by Eminem, his wife, Kimberly, to whom the song was dedicated, slit her wrist. 
Making these changes to your life will actually help you to live longer  
A Church that worships the penis does in fact exist. This Canadian church also has regular group masturbating sessions. 
At the age of 6, Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr. was already smoking marijuana. 
One of the preventive methods for developing kidney stones is having sex 4-5 times a week which reduces the risk by 45% in men. 
A research shows that sugar is as addictive as cocaine and gives you the same kind of pleasure. 
In 1995 in North America a man became local celebrity just because his name was "Dick Assman" 
The highest score made in a Soccer game was 149-0, one of the team started scoring own goals to protest against the referee's decision. 
The human face is capable of making more than 10,000 facial expressions, but they ALL fall into these 7 categories:  
Beer is almost as acidic as a vagina, which has a pH of about 4.5. 
The youngest girl to be a mother was 9 years old who also became the youngest grandmother as her daughter gave birth at the age of 9 as well 
If you drop a mouse from a flying plane it will survive if land on the grass. 
Even after 12 years of its release, new games for Playstation 2 are still being developed and released in the market. 
Ted Bundy, one of the most notorious American serial killer,used to work at Seattle's Suicide Hotline crisis center, in 1971 
The richest rapper in the world is...  
If during a flight both the pilot and copilot die, the plane could still land on its destination safely if its put on autopilot and autoland 
A woman in UK, in 2005, delivered twins with two different fathers, a chance in 1 in 13,000 cases. 
The name of a hill in Wales “Blorenge”, is the only word that rhymes with the word ”orange” 
Currently, there is $79 trillion in the entire world. If this is distributed amongst the population of Earth, everyone will end up with $11k 
A woman named Jeanne Calment smoked cigarettes for almost 96 years, from the age of 21 to 117 years. 
The uncensored version of South Park's intro theme song actually sings "I like fucking silly bitches, cause I know my penis likes it," 
Beer is brewed from a plant name Humulus which actually is a sister plant of cannabis plant. 
In 2011, a straight British rugby player had a heart attack and woke up as gay and became hairdresser. 
8 out of every 10 atheists in United States celebrate Christmas every year. 
If you grew up in the 90's, you'd be lying if you said you didn't play these video games  
According to condom manufacturers, only 6% of the male population actually needs extra large condoms, the rest just lie. 
Human male possesses bigger heart and bigger brain than their female counter part. 
If Bugatti Veyron is driven at the speed of 253 mph, its top speed, it will consume 26.4 gallon (100 L) of fuel in 12.5 mins. 
Studies show that doing this non-sexual thing will turn a woman on  
In 1901, 64 years before the birth of Robert Downey Jr, the character of Sherlock Holmes was already titled as "the man of iron" 
"Come for a Cause" is a slogan of Masturbate-a-thon, an annual event in which people masturbate publicly to raise charity. 
Having minimal social interaction with the outside world is equally harmful, to smoking 15 cigarettes a day or being an alcoholic. 
The most effective cough syrup that exists is HONEY. 
A 50 years old expert from a wild life sanctuary, in china licked an endangered monkey's ass hole for one complete hour to save its life. 
If the entire world consumes as much as an average American, the population would need resources from 3-5 earths combined to survive. 
Most creative Wi-Fi names ever  
There actually exists a final episode of famous cartoon Tom and Jerry in which both committed suicide. 
People in Cameroon gathered money in 1931 to send to “starving Americans”. The total amount gathered was $3.77. 
Getting angry at people when we listen to them breathing or eating is called Misophonia, which is an actual brain disorder. 
In Middle East Homer Simpson is know as “Omar Shamshoon” who drinks soda instead of beer and eats traditional Arab cookies, not donuts. 
People who stay awake till late night are more intelligent than the people who go to bed early and rise early for the day, study suggests. 
To cut off one's penis is referred to as to "bobbitt", named after a man called John Wayne Bobbitt, who had his penis cut off by his wife! 
Adolf Hitler was a regular user of the drug Amphetamine which improves speed and alertness. 
More orgasms are experienced by women who have a high emotional intelligence, when compared to the rest. 
Hideto Tomabechi, a Japanese scientist, claims to have created a cellphone ringtone which can make a woman's breasts get bigger! 
There is an actual school named BJ University. This would be an odd school to enroll your daughter in! >>  
The record for the most stolen library book is held by the Guinness Book of Records! 
Celaenia excavata is a spider that camouflage itself as birds shit to hide from the birds. 
Africa has almost 115 million French speaking people, making it the continent with the most French-speakers. 
This athlete was doping up and was stripped of his achievements because of his drugs! Ouch!  
France has a total 33% of atheist population making it one of the biggest atheist nation in the world. 
Cluster headaches, considered to be the most painful medical condition are so severe that sufferers sometime commit suicide. 
In 2005, 100% of the revenues generated by Mardi Gras themed DVD "Girls Gone Wild" were donated to the victims of Hurricane Katrina. 
Of all the parts of a human body, the healing ability of a tongue is the fastest. 
The worldwide consumption of coffee amounts to about 1.7 billion cups every single day! 
Ironically, slaves actually assembled the famous 'Statue of Freedom' in 1863, which sits on top of the U.S. Capitol building. 
In Iran, there are surgical procedures to cure the homosexuality. 
Every person that makes a profile on Facebook adds about $47 to the entire value of the company! 
When buying a bottle of whisky or a pack of cigarettes in UK, you are paying almost 77% tax on it. 
According to Greek mythology, Zeus once impregnated a woman after seducing her in the form of a golden shower. 
The DNA of an average person is believed to be so stretchable that it can go from the Earth to the Moon and back, about 6,000 times! 
About 98% of a jellyfish is water, which is why they actually evaporate when exposed to the sun! 
The character of "The Joker" in the movie Batman was actually inspired from a 1928 silent film "The Man Who Laughs". 
One shouldn't brush the teeth after vomiting because the acid from the stomach weakens the teeth enamel. 
The White House is rumoured to be haunted by the ghost of former American President Abraham Lincoln! 
53 years old Annie Hawkins-Turner holds the record of world's biggest natural boobs, her bra size is 102 ZZZ. 
Quick math: Your favorite celebrity - make-up =  
According to recent studies, people who are married tend to live longer than the people who are single! 
The density of a Neutron Star is so high that a teaspoon of this matter equals to 900 times the mass of the Great Pyramid of Giza. 
The owner of Ikea started his business at the age of 17 years, from the money he collected from selling matchsticks in the neighborhood. 
The Toraja people in Indonesia, in august every year take out their dead from the coffins, groom them and take them around the village. 
Sean Combs, commonly known as P.Diddy, tried to lose his virginity at the age of 7 to an older girl, but failed. 
Including 2Pac, there are only 5 artist who ever had 2 studio albums debut at #1 in the same year. 
Despite the fact that the main ingredient of Tic Tacs is sugar, it is still marketed as having zero sugar. 
"The Devil's Breath" is the name of a drug which makes a person incapable to make choices and exercise free will. 
Nobody gets how this guy sold 16,000,000 albums, made $18,000,000 and went broke! Guess who it is, then check:  
In right-handed men, the right testicle usually hangs a bit higher than the left one, which sags lower. The opposite is true for lefties. 
If men get erection for a very long time it can be dangerous, painful and also it might have to be cut off. 
After waking up from a coma, many patients have been known to actually masturbate! 
When the Titanic sank in 1912, there were also two dogs among the survivors of the ship-wreck! 
Wendy's, Subway, McDonald's, Burger King, Taco Bell... you'd never guess this one makes the most money>>  
“I want to go when I want. It is tasteless to prolong life artificially” said Einstein when asked to get operated, a day before his death. 
The world record for longest, most accurate shot with a bow is made by an armless man, hitting the target 230 yards away. 
In 1940, the German military troops were given over 35 million tablets of meth, used to cure asthma. 
The gold medal for the London Olympics in 2012 is actually made up of only 1.34% gold, while the rest is 92.5% silver and 6.16% copper! 
At least one cell of the human body, which would become cancerous if it lived, is destroyed by the body's immune system each day! 
Sex toy tester is actually a job that you can get and make money off of while, enjoying! 
Back in the day, this is how George Clooney and Beyonce used to look  
The average human brain is capable of remembering only about 60% of whatever happened just a day before! 
Conceived with an 'egg' donated by her own ( 27 year-old ) daughter, a 57 year-old woman became mother of her own grand-daughter in 2005. 
If the volume of the TV is set to an odd number, as much as 99% of the all people feel uneasy. 
The result of a survey done globally showed that 91% men and 84% women have at some point in their lives thought about killing someone. 
The American Intelligence Agency, CIA, used to experiment with LSD to try and perform mind control over its captives. 
The African tribe of Wodaabe has a mating season in which everyone including married couples are allowed to have sex with anyone they want. 
Koolickle is a pickle made from cucumber after soaking it in Kool-Aid. 
Stupidus, the name of an ancient Roman clown, is where the term "Stupid" actually has its origins. 
Even if a boomerang is thrown while on the moon, it will come back to you. 
Stephen Colbert, a male American writer, oddly made it on Maxim's Top 100 most beautiful women. 
Studies say, if you say this, you're probably a douchebag  
The baby of a giraffe falls from a height of about six feet when it is born, and mostly doesn't even get hurt! 
It was only after WW2 that women started to shave their legs due to shortage of nylon stockings. 
A kid is raising money through concerts for his surgeries as his stoned mother cut off his penis and testicles when he was 5 weeks old. 
Amazing photos of the worlds oldest living people, some even born in the 1800's!  
After writing an 80,000 word thesis on SMS messaging, a woman named Caroline Tagg received a PhD in text messaging! 
Cryptomnesia is a state in which forgotten memory comes back and you think that a new idea just hit your mind. 
Restless Genital Syndrome is a condition in which women encounter spontaneous uncontrollable sexual arousal without any reason. 
This mega-star used to smoke PACKS of cigarettes every day!  
Any memory that people have of before they were 4 years old has only a 5% chance of being true. 
The PENIS of the Egyptian Pharaoh, Tutankhamun's mummy was reported missing in 1968 and was found in 2006. 
There is a phenomena known as the heteropaternal superfecundation, in which a woman can get pregnant with twins from different fathers. 
Unless it is mixed with their saliva, human beings do not have the ability to taste food! 
There exist 'Lesbian Lizards' which reproduce by female mating with a female because they don't have male lizards in entire specie. 
Scientists believe that for every one person alive on this earth today, there exists around 24 galaxies in the universe. 
Our brains really do play "tricks" on us. Check out how you're being outsmarted, by yourself!>>  
After they die, you can get loved ones cremated and packed into bullets by a company called 'Holy Smoke' specializing in just that! 
There is a spot in the USA called the 'Four Corners' where it is actually possible for a person to stand inside four states at the same time 
A Japanese artist got his genitals removed, cooked them and 5 people ordered the dish for $250 each. 
Twins that are joined from the head are able to feel each others orgasms. 
There is a phobia, known as the Jonah Complex in which a person has a fear of success that stops him/her from realizing his/her potential. 
If you love naps more than a kindergartner does, you'll love to know this  
In 1950's Nintendo ran a chain of sex hotels, a cab company and also sold instant rice cooker. 
When a person does not care of whether there is actually a god or not, it is called Apatheism. 
There exists an online dating site “Herpes Passions' which specially caters to people suffering from herpes. 
The green colour of the Incredible Hulk was a printing fault which was actually submitted in grey colour for printing. 
The part of brain which reacts during physical injury also react the same way during loneliness. 
The oldest known recipe ever discovered in the world was for beer, found on a four-thousand-year old Mesopotamian clay tablet! 
The shortest song in the world, “you suffer” is just 1.316 seconds long, sung by the British grindcore band "Napalm Death". 
A psychologist tried to raise a female chimpanzee, Lucy like a human and one day found Lucy masturbating to a copy of Playgirl in her room. 
453 piercings have been placed on the body of the "World's Most Pierced Man" and 278 of those are on his testicles and penis. 
Apple just announced iPad Mini, and we've got the facts on it! (and the pictures!)  
Twilight, the world-famous vampire-human love story, was rejected 14 times before it was actually published! 
The fact that hot water freezes faster than cold water still remains a mystery for the scientists. 
Brain surgery is performed on people while they are wide awake as the human brain has no pain receptors resulting in them feeling no pain. 
Taco Bell, Wendy's, Subway, McDonalds... we love them all, but see which one makes the most money!>>  
Saliva contains substances that fight bacteria, viruses and fungi. So, kissing frequently can help fight bad breath and avoid tooth decay! 
The weight of a simple white puffy cloud is around 200,000 lbs and a hurricane cloud can weigh even more than 100,000,000 lbs. 
Originally French Toast were called German toast but after WW2 when the hatred for Germans grew, its name was changed. 
During the Middle Ages, men would get their left testicles removed as they believed that they were responsible for making female babies. 
The international standard size of condom is too large for 50% of the Indian male population. 
Marital rape is legal in Afghanistan in which the husband can rape his wife if she refuses to have sex with him. 
Dr. Seuss placed a bet of $50 with his publisher that he’ll write a story with 50 words only. He won by writing “Green Eggs and Ham”. 
If you've ever sent a text message or tweet while driving, you should know these facts  (scary!) 
A village in the Peruvian Andes celebrates Christmas by organizing a festival, Takanakuy, in which everyone gets drunk and beat each other. 
About 69% of the marriages in Ethiopia are done by kidnapping the bride. 
Male llamas develop a set of "fighting teeth" at the age of 2 that grow specifically to bite off the testicles of other males. 
In the history of Tae Kwon Do, Chuck Norris was the first person from the West to be ranked a 8th Degree Black Belt Grand Master. 
A study shows that not only humans can catch yawns from each other but dogs can catch yawns from their owners as well. 
In the TV show, Breaking Bad, when the characters smoke crystal meth, they're actually smoking sugar or rock candy. 
There is a program on German television which teaches the teenagers "How to hide a boner". 
After crying, about 8 out of 10 people say that they actually feel better than they did before! 
When kept busy, people tend to naturally be more happy than they would be if otherwise! 
Tons of people eat this food every single day, but I bet you didn't know it was making you fat!>>  
In the start of every breeding season male ducks regrow new penis as it sheds off at the end of the season. 
It is said that if you look directly in a person's eyes, no one in the world can lie to you without showing it indirectly. 
According to reports from NASA there are about 2 billion earth-like planets in the Milky Way only. 
This is REALLY a law in this state.  
Sprinkling sugar on a wound, a traditional African remedy, is medically proven to help wounds heal faster and stop bacteria growth! 
The myth that carrots improve eyesight was made by the British army in WW2, to tell the world that their pilots could see Nazis in the dark. 
Hollywood stars actually sniff powdered vitamin B when you see them sniffing cocaine in the movies. 
There is an opening in every Astronaut's helmet, just to enable them to scratch their nose when needed. 
To make themselves feel better, 4 out of 5 people in the world are likely to diss other people, because they suffer from low self-esteem! 
Nadya Suleman, known as the Octomom for giving birth to 14 children, has become a porn star now to support her family. 
It is believed that Area 51 holds time travel equipment & the government created AIDS! But THIS is really crazy:  
Masturbating, as well as dancing or even singing are all proven ways to reduce stress and depression faced by humans! 
When the Bible talks about the Unicorns, its actually referring to the Rhinos. 
10,507 is the record of the most non stop push ups done, made by a Japanese guy. 
Honeybees can be trained to sniff bombs and drugs just like sniffer dogs. 
The original plot of the movie “the human centipede” was conceived by the director as ways to punish child molesters. 
Back in the day, this is what first lady Michelle Obama used to look like!  
Steve Nash, a Canadian basketball player, divorced his wife because his newborn kid resembled one of his teammates. 
'Mental pain' is actually increased by pretending as if you are okay when you are not! 
In 2001, a German man allowed a person to cut his penis after which both of them ate it together. 
According to statistics if you order a pizza and call an ambulance at the same time, about 2 out of 5 times the pizza will arrive first! 
Holder of the Guinness World record for the fattest woman, Pauline Potter, lost 100 pounds by having sex 7 times a day. 
The total amount of data transferred on internet in 1993 was less then the amount of data transferred in a second in 2008. 
Perfume companies hire odour testers and their job is to smell the armpit, feet and mouths of people before and after the spray. 
It is believed that Dr.Dre didn't know that Eminem was actually a white until they actually met in person. 
Bored to death - Complaining of boredom increases a person's chances of dying by a stroke or heart attack by about 250%. 
Eating this will put you in a great mood and ready for sex!  
The Oxford dictionary now officially includes the words 'chillax' and 'whatevs'. 
If you smoke 20 cigarettes a day for a duration of three and a half years ten years are deducted from your life. 
'Vertical bacon sandwich' and 'Tongue magnet' are uncommon slang terms used for VAGINA. 
Seriously who comes up with these ideas for apps? These apps are REAL and they're WEIRD  
"Zombie Fungi" infects an ant, takes control of its mind and force the ant to moves to a place suitable for the fungi and then kills it. 
Dimples are actually caused by a facial muscle called the zygomaticus major, being abnormally short! 
William Patrick Hitler, Hitler's nephew who served in the US Navy, wrote an article in 1939 titled “ Why I Hate My Uncle”. 
The phrase, "the customer is always right", was first used by the 11th richest American of all time, Marshall Field. 
In the medieval times, bitter almonds and raw eel were eaten before getting drunk to prevent a hangover. 
In Germany its a tradition to kidnap the bride, by her family after the wedding and the groom has to find her, to prove his love. 
For these guys, the foruma was drop out of college, become a BILLIONAIRE  
The only other animal to experience menopause, except for female human, is the killer whale. 
A study showed that observing anger through sarcasm improves analytical thinking and makes a person more creative. 
There is actually a popular fishing location in Palmerston Island known as “Scratch My Arse Rock" 
"Gloomy Sunday" was a song released in 1933 and 19 people committed suicide after listening to it. 
Only about 1% of land in the whole world is owned by women, while the rest is owned by men! 
"Nothing" was an early slang term for "Vagina", used as a woman having "nothing" between her legs. 
For a stretch of 30 feet, a Formula One Racecar is capable of being outrun by Usain Bolt if both start from a complete stop. 
About one third of girls living in America get pregnant before even turning 20! 
Mozart, famous music composer of the 18th century composed a song titled "Lick Me in the Ass". 
All humans are born naturally afraid of loud noises and falling, the only two fears they are known to possess at the time of birth! 
You are more likely to win a Nobel Prize or become a president of US if you are eldest among your siblings, first borns have higher IQ level 
A5 Processor for Apple's iPhone and iPad is actually manufactured by Samsung. 
According to law, if a baby is delivered on a flight, he/she can get the citizenship of the country the airline is registered in. 
I guarantee you didn't know you could do this with Coca-Cola!  
A psychological study confirms that the presence of beautiful women ignite stupid behavior in men. 
Rattle snakes stay locked in intercourse for up to 20 hours, as male possesses a spiked penis, making it difficult for them to withdraw! 
In a fight over a parking space, a 41-year-old Chinese woman killed a man by squeezing his testicles. 
Best recorded #fails by Siri on the newest iPhone >>  
In ancient Ireland, sucking on a King's nipples used to be regarded as a kind gesture, considered as submission to the King! 
When you listen to a song that you enjoy, your brain releases a feel-good chemical called dopamine, which is also responsible for addiction 
Famous rapper Eminem has been falsely reported dead over 5 times, out of which four were apparently car crashes and one was a drug overdose 
"Nigger Corner" is the name of an actual place in Jamaica. 
The great boxer, Muhammad Ali protested against racial discrimination in the US by throwing his Olympic gold medal into the Ohio river. 
Repeatedly hearing a lie actually makes us believe on it. This is called "Illusion of Truth" and it effects 100% of all humans. 
Learn this new fun fact about vaginas >>  
The Nazi doctors invented a drug which made the soldiers march around 55 miles without a break after which they died. 
1 liter bottle of Mountain Dew packs 32 cubes of sugar and 40% more caffeine than Coke. 
By memorizing the lyrics of songs, you can reduce the risk of developing psychological disorders and increase memory capacity. 
10^10^100 is the biggest number called 'Googolplex' and it would require the complete universe to write down all the zeros in this number. 
A survey done by an International organization in Afghanistan found that around 92% of the Afghan men haven't even heard of 9/11. 
The most addictive substance on the planet is...  
You are not as nice as you think you are, as studies in psychology have proved that we tend to overestimate ourselves! 
To avoid being judged by other people, 4 out of 5 people do not express their emotions and keep things to themselves only. 
The chemical which turns the colour of water blue, if you urinate in the pool is only a fictional substance and doesn't really exist. 
The ingredient used in perfumes to help its smell stay longer on your skin is actually whale’s vomit also known as Ambergris. 
Tupac's code of THUGLIFE states that: All new Jacks to the game must know: He’s going to get rich; He’s going to jail and He’s going to die. 
In 2012, 3 men took bullets while protecting their girlfriends during a shooting spree in a theater in Colorado showing the Batman movie. 
Marijuana was actually used for medicinal purposes in Ancient China, to treat the 'illness' of absent-mindedness! 
It has been proven that excessive Masturbation decreases the chances of developing Prostate Cancer among men! 
About one in every 5000 newborn babies have to get a butt hole manually drilled by the doctors as they are born without it! 
Surprise surprise, this celebrity doesn't drink alcohol  
Only after 8 years of inventing a telephone, in 1884, the first prank call was made. 
The sudden feeling of jolt or falling experienced when you’re about to fall asleep is classified as a mild epileptic seizure. 
A pornstar named "Voodoo" made a porno while jumping from a plane and had sex in mid air. 
These are the 10 worst things you can possibly eat at a fast food joint  
Dogs have an additional sense, they can feel the energy of the other living beings around them. It is called universal sense. 
"Cumming" is the name of a town in Forsyth County in Georgia, U.S. 
If small quantity of VIAGRA is added to a vase of water the life span of cut flowers in it increases by a week. 
There exists a disease which reverses the temperature detecting mechanism in humans causing hot to feel as cold and cold as hot. 
The splitting of World trade center was originally planned for the ending of Men In Black 2 but it was changed after the 9/11 attack. 
Only about 34% of people believe that being straight or gay is a choice, while the rest believe that you are born with it! 
These horrible Photoshop jobs were actually published in magazines! Major fail!  
Only 1 out of 20 women delivers a baby on her predicted due date. 
Elvis Presley was born blonde and did not have naturally black hair. As he grew older he chose to dye it black. 
The human brain can store 4 terabytes of information which is equal to 4 percent of the Library of Congress’s data. 
After 21yrs of serving a life sentence for murder, it was found that in 1863, Paul Hubert had actually been convicted of murdering himself! 
Roger was once used as a slang for Penis, and "to Roger" meant to have sex with someone. 
58 year old Peter Fowler holds the world record for drinking 1 liter of beer in just 1.3 seconds. 
Betty White at the age of 87 offered to do a nude scene in the movie The Proposal. 
Both Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy were shot at the back of their heads in the presence of their wives on a Friday. 
On average, death is actually less scarier for people as compared to spiders! 
Bats can have sexual intercourse in the air, while they are in flight! 
You can remain conscious for up to 25 seconds after your head is severed from your body, with the ability to blink and everything! 
If you enjoy #naps you'll be pleased to know this  
McDonalds is the largest toy distributor in the world, bigger than Toys 'R' Us and even Walmart! 
Due to humidity, farts smell worse when you’re in the shower. 
In 1910, two Chinese children became the youngest parents ever, at ages of 8 and 9 years old! 
In the 1950's, alcoholics were treated using LSD and had a 50% success rate. 
Contrary to popular belief, this is not true about alcohol so don't believe it  
Studies have shown that during sex, black women are 50% more likely to have an orgasm than women of any other skin color! 
The brain has a special ability to distinguish cheaters from non cheaters by studying the personality and subtle visual cues of their face. 
100% women experience an increase in testosterone levels after hearing the sounds of sports cars like Ferraris and Lamborghinis. 
In Hawaii, native women signal that they are available by placing flowers on their right ear! 
36C is the current average bra size of women all over the world, while it was 34B only ten years ago! 
Every day, about a 200 million acts of sexual intercourse are committed, while the same number of Tweets are sent each day as well! 
Most people do not know this about "safe sex"  
The world record for the longest masturbation session is held by a Japanese man Masanobu Sato, lasting 9 hours and 58 minutes! 
It is actually against the law for women to appear unshaven in public, in New Mexico! 
If you swallow a razor blade for whatever reason, the acid in your stomach dissolves it in less than a week! 
To repopulate the Earth to the current number of human inhabitants, it would take an amount of sperm that could fit in an aspirin capsule! 
You can hire a man named, Eric Amaranth for $240, who will watch you having sex and guide you if you’re doing something wrong. 
Studies show men find this sexy about women, what do you think?  
A Romanian man, charged with murder, tried to sue God for not keeping him safe and away from the devil’s influence. 
In Finland, the term "MegaPussi" is written on many brands of potato chips, as in the Finnish language it means 'mega bag'! 
With over 70,000 followers, 'Jedi' is an officially practiced religion in Australia! 
A real life occurrence inspired the story which the movie 'Nightmare on Elm Street' was based on. 
The fear of the number 666 (number of the beast/devil) is called " Hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia ". 
In the United States, about half a million children are living with lesbian or gay parents! 
The initial name suggested for Honda Fit was Honda Fitta but was not kept because fitta in some countries meant PUSSY. 
In the 1904 Olympics, a guy named Eyser, had participated with a wooden leg and won 6 Gold Medals. 
Blueberries are actually purple, and there is no food that is naturally blue in color! 
This celebrity has the worst sex tape of all time!  
58 year old Peter Fowler holds the world record for drinking 1 liter of beer in just 1.3 seconds. 
Barely three hours before his album was due rapper Eminem wrote and recorded the song The Real Slim Shady so it was almost not in the album 
Liverpool, England has a law allowing there to legally be topless saleswomen, but only in stores of tropical fish! 
Studies show that these are the top signs of being in the "friend zone"  
This rapper sold 16,000,000 albums, made over $18,000,000, and lost it ALL! Take a guess, then see who it was  
Research suggests that about 5% of the activity on Google is simply just people spell-checking what they've written! 
Since 2011, in Britain, the most popular name for boys has changed from Oliver to Harry. 
If human brain is converted into computer memory it would be able to store 3,584 terabytes of data. 
Tooth decay can be reduced by kissing, as the mouth becomes 'cleaner' due to the extra saliva! 
Blue Waffles is the name of an infection in which the female vagina turns purplish blue. 
A Romanian man, charged with murder, tried to sue God for not keeping him safe and away from the devil’s influence. 
In 1983 Marvel Comics published a comic ‘your friendly neighborhood Spider-Ham’ about a 'Spider-Pig' named Peter Porker. 
The porn industry worldwide earns about $3075.64 every passing second! 
The reason why men find high heels sexy is because it induces the arched back posture animals naturally show when having sex. 
Putting on a condom with an erection burns 8 calories while putting it on without an erection burns 315. 
Around 2% of the heart attacks worldwide happen only because of having a broken heart. 
'Doggie style', the famous sexual position, was actually inspired by someone who observed lions having sex. 
A new research proposes oral sex as a cure to morning sickness experienced by pregnant women. 
One way to sweeten watermelon is by actually sprinkling salt on it. 
Out of all the organs in the human body, the clitoris (in females) is the only organ with just one purpose: pleasure! 
More men than women are victims of domestic violence in America at 53%. 
The only two bodily responses that can not be controlled by us once started are sneezes and orgasms. 
In 2005, a journalist was sued by Donald Trump for $5 bn for mentioning him as a millionaire in one of his article and not a billionaire. 
The name of a town in Wales is 'Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakpikimaunahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu', longest placename! 
While in high school, current American President Barack Obama was also called "O'Bomber" because of his skills in basketball. 
There exists a place called Dildo Island located at the bottom of Trinity Bay, Canada. 
Every passing day gets longer by 0.00000002 seconds, which comes to about 13 seconds each century! 
Going to jail is not funny, but it's ok to laugh at these real Lil Wayne and SouljaBoy mugshots  
Every year in America, about $25 billion is spent on beer alone! 
Studies have shown that during sex, black women are 50% more likely to have an orgasm than women of any other skin color! 
Kissing is really effective in reducing pain! This is due to the natural antibiotics and anesthetics present in the saliva! 
If you eat this, you're consuming over an entire day's worth of calories!  
To stop his army from getting STD's like syphilis after having sex with prostitutes, Hitler ordered blow-up dolls for the German army! 
In 2008, a couple from New Zealand named their child “Number 16 Bus Shelter”. 
In Hawaii, native women signal that they are available by placing flowers on their right ear! 
A gay man named Glenn Burke invented the 'high-five', now a common celebratory hand gesture! 
Every day, about a 200 million acts of sexual intercourse are committed, while the same number of Tweets are sent each day as well! 
In Malaysia the ad of Toyota Altis featuring Brad Pitt was banned because the good looks of the actor made the public feel inferior. 
These are the best superheros of all time!  
It is actually against the law for women to appear unshaven in public, in New Mexico! 
If you swallow a razor blade for whatever reason, the acid in your stomach dissolves it in less than a week! 
To repopulate the Earth to the current number of human inhabitants, it would take an amount of sperm that could fit in an aspirin capsule! 
You can hire a man named, Eric Amaranth for $240, who will watch you having sex and guide you if you’re doing something wrong. 
Research has suggested that redheads require about 20% more anesthesia to get numb compared to other people! 
He killed 5 people, injured 2 more, and even taunted police with letters and phone calls; yet.. he's never been caught!  
The word 'Nice' is derived from an old French term which originally meant foolish or ignorant. 
In Finland, the term "MegaPussi" is written on many brands of potato chips, as in the Finnish language it means 'mega bag'! 
With over 70,000 followers, 'Jedi' is an officially practiced religion in Australia! 
A real life occurrence inspired the story which the movie 'Nightmare on Elm Street' was based on. 
Prisoners in Guantanamo bay are given McDonald’s Happy Meals if they cooperate with the interrogations. 
In the United States, about half a million children are living with lesbian or gay parents! 
On Titanic, there were binoculars to look out for dangers but it was locked in a box and no one had the key. 
In a ritual in New Guinea, a man is expected to nibble and completely eat a sweet potato that's put into a woman's vagina. 
After taking out a loan of $1000 from his mother, Playboy founder, Hugh Hefner founded the Playboy Empire. 
Studies show not all guys are just about boobs or butt, here's what else guys say they found attractive about women  
A British couple has the biggest collection of sex dolls with over 240 already but they don't use them and treat them as family members. 
There are more than 10 million people smoking a cigerette every second in the world! 
In 2010. McDonald's mistakenly packed and distributed 5000 Happy Meals with coloured condom instead of toy. 
These are voted the BEST apps ever! iPhone:  -- Android:  
In a survey, it was found that people who drank beer a lot, were more likely to have sex on their first dates than those who don't. 
World's shortest horror story consists of only two sentences. "The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door." 
The ingredients found in chocolate have similar effects to that of sexual foreplay has on our bodies. 
In his teen years, Obama has been known to use marijuana and cocaine. 
Around 22,000 people commit suicide due to credit card debts and this has become one of the leading causes of suicide in the Western world. 
Students at Harvard University ran a condom delivery service for short span of time in 1985 and their slogan was "We'll come before you do." 
This rapper sold 16,000,000 albums, made over $18,000,000, and lost it ALL! Take a guess, then see who it was  
Your saliva keeps the acid balance right in your mouth; otherwise it would be so acidic that your teeth would be dissolved by it. 
The air an average person inhales in a single day contain 1 liter of farts of people around him. 
The most powerful sex organ in your body isn’t your penis or vagina, but your brain! 
Currently 54, if Bill Gates lives to be 89 yrs old, he’d have to spend US $6.78 Million everyday to use up his entire wealth. 
According to “LieSpotting” author, Pamela Meyer, every day, you are lied to between 10 and 200 times! 
If your weight is 450 pounds you could live for one complete year without eating anything. 
In the Sahara Desert, the Tree of Ténéré was the only tree around for 250 miles, until in 1973, a drunk truck driver crashed into it. 
People with high self esteem are bigger liars, on average; a 10 minute conversation with someone contains about 3 lies. 
If you have a dog accompanying you when meeting a random woman, you're three times more likely to get her phone number. 
Mothers of a Chinese tribe called Manchu used to give blowjobs to their infants as a sign of affection. 
Your pinky may be cut off if you break a pinky swear in the Japanese Mafia. 
Urea, the chemical that's mostly found in your urine and makes it smell bad, is also found in cigarettes to enhance flavor. 
Monkeys at the Yale University were trained to understand the monetary system. First thing Monkeys tried to buy with money was sex. 
People who drink more than 10 cups of coffee are more likely to feel "the presence of dead people" and hallucinations. 
If prison rapes are included in the Rape Statistics, more men are raped than women in the United States. 
In Nigeria in November 2001, five people were accused and killed for using magic to steal men's penises. 
Studies show that you can turn a woman on using this non-sexual technique!  
Sloppy handwriting skills of doctors are responsible for over 7000 deaths each year. 
According to ancient Egyptians, the earth was formed when the creation god "Atum" masturbated. 
Early morning sex has been proven to be more effective than coffee. 
I bet you didn't know this about the U.S. government!  
Sneezing is the only thing that is capable of stopping all of the bodily functions, including the heartbeat. 
You can find your lover’s lips even in the complete dark because certain neurons in the brain aid it to do so. 
Osama bin Laden's father married 22 times, fathering at least 54 children. Osama bin Laden is believed to be his 17th son. 
In 2011 a man crashed his motorcycle and died because he wasn't wearing a helmet during a protest ride against mandatory helmet laws. 
Individuals with unpleasant moods are more attentive and critical of their surrounding environment than those who have happy moods. 
Photic Sneeze Reflex or "Sun Sneezing" is a condition affecting a quarter of the population and makes them sneeze after looking into light. 
Studies show that these are the top signs of being in the "friend zone"  
Not sleeping for 22 hours straight can slow down a human’s response time more than how much 4 alcohol drinks can. 
Monkeys at the Yale University were trained to understand the monetary system. First thing Monkeys tried to buy with money was sex. 
Asparagus makes your urine attractive to fish. So if you pee in the river after eating it, more fish will gather around you. 
Ever since the independence of the U.S in 1776, the country's been at war for 214 years and at peace for only 21. 
American comedian, Ben Stiller was addicted to M&Ms and attended hypnotherapy to treat the addiction. He used to eat A POUND OF M&Ms a day. 
This celebrity has the worst sex tape of all time!  
Wrestler Andre the Giant set the world record for the most alcohol consumed, he drank 156 beers in a single sitting. 
World’s oldest lady Calment, started smoking at the age 21 and quit it at the age of 117, five years before she died. 
Ancient Egyptians believed that their god, Atum, created the universe by masturbating, so Pharaohs masturbated ceremonially into the Nile. 
When you cry, some of the tears flood into the nasal canal which is why you experience a runny nose when crying. 
It has been scientifically proven that your body can stay alive for many months only on water and beer. 
Being nauseous or blacking out when you suddenly stand up, is a condition called Postural Hypotension. 
All those white people who could not afford a black slave in 1830s were originally called "White Trash." 
It would take the average human more than 123 yrs to read 'Wikipedia' if it was made into a book, which would be over 2.25 mil pages long. 
In the United States, about 4 out of 5 sixth graders and 1 in 7 adults can't find their country (U.S.) on a map of the world. 
Studies show men find this sexy about women, what do you think?  
According to a US agency the calculated value of a human life is approximately 6.9 million USD. 
If a woman has make up on she will be approached by men 6 minutes faster than a woman who is not wearing make up. 
"You be good. See you tomorrow. I love you." were the last words of Alex Pepperberg, a 31 year old African Gray parrot! 
Most people do not know this about "safe sex"  
The reaction speed of Bruce Lee from a distance of three feet away is 0.05 second. 
"In 1 to 10 million years man could build a flyable plane", was an Article in the New York Times published 8 days before the first flight. 
You are more likely to survive a plane crash, if you do not panic and remain calm during the first 90 seconds of it! 
The same letters are used to spell 'Satan' and 'Santa'. 
An 82 year old woman nicknamed 'Grandma' has been identified as the oldest living, working prostitute by police in Tai Pei! 
The FBI does not consider men to be victims of rape, as according to their definition only women can be raped! 
In the US, it is considered illegal to have any sort of contact with aliens, or even their spaceships! 
You will come out in the Indian Ocean if you dig a hole straight down in the US and go to the other end, and not China as is widely believed 
At least once in their life, two out of every five women have hurled shoes or sandals at a man! 
Giraffes have tongues about 21 inches long, which they also use to clean their ears! 
0.625 inches is the size of the smallest human penis on record! 
A Chinese woman in her early 20s almost lost her hearing after her boyfriend kissed her so passionately that her eardrums get ruptured. 
In 2011, for a short period of time, Apple Inc had more cash reserve compared to the U.S. government. 
A study on "The Effects of Peanut Butter on the Rotation of the Earth" done by many scientists and finally concluded that it had no effect. 
There are some lions which can have sex over 50 times in just one day! 
About 2 out of every 1000 American prostitutes end up being murdered, making it the most dangerous job in the US! 
There is a 50 percent chance that a lost remote control is buried under sofa cushions and a 4 percent chance that it is in the refrigerator. 
According to a research the way a person kisses shows if they were breast fed or bottle fed. 
The more active your sex life is, the more pheromones you release to attract the opposite sex. 
In France, if 2 people are engaged and one of them dies, the one who is alive can still legally marry the other person while he/she is dead. 
In the United States, the third leading cause of death are DOCTORS with more than 500,000 deaths annually! 
In the 1904 Olympics, a guy named Eyser, had participated with a wooden leg and won 6 Gold Medals. 
Contrary to popular belief, this is not true about alcohol so don't believe it  
All 3 women that Hitler ever dated during his lifetime attempted suicide, while only 2 succeeded, including his niece! 
After sex, the female 'Black Widow' spider kills and eats her mate! 
The chances of a woman being raped are higher than the chances of learning how to read/write, if that woman is born in South Africa! 
This alcohol is made from poisonous lizards, horses milk, & this bottle of wine even has a snake inside it!! Pics>>  
According to research about two percent of females possess super vision and they can see 99 million more colors than a normal human. 
A woman from Chicago, 39 weeks pregnant at the time, ran half a marathon, walked the rest, and after finishing gave birth to a baby. 
Instead of the boob jobs, "Vaginal Plastic Surgery," is now the most common type of plastic surgery requested by the women. 
1 out of every 4 women admits that no matter how a man looks, money is the only thing that makes a man sexy. 
Recent research studies have shown that the chicken is the closest living relative sharing the same genetics with the Tyrannosaurus Rex! 
One of the slang terms for semen is actually 'baby gravy'! 
These laws are marijuana are absolutely insane. They law makers must have been high when they wrote these  
To build a nest for their actual partner, female penguins are known to offer other male penguins sex for stones. 
Hiccups can be stopped by stimulation of the vagus nerve i.e orgasming. 
In Los Angeles, California, the average daily death rate of the city dropped by 18% when doctors there went on a strike in 1976. 
50% of your life's happiness is transferred to you from parents through the genes. 
There are 43,252,003,274,489,856,000 possible combinations for a standard ( 3x3x3 ) Rubik's cube! 
"Ithyphallophobia" is the fear of seeing or having an erect penis. I bet you also didn't know THIS about sex  
Deaths of the 2 most notorious leaders Osama Bin Laden and Hitler happened on same date 1st May, but Hitler died in 1945 while Osama in 2011 
The saying "I will be there in a jiffy" is actually inspired from an actual unit of time, a 'jiffy', which is 1/100th of a second! 
There is an anti date rape straw that detects the presence of date rape drugs to warn the victim. 
"Weltbild," Germany’s largest media company, sells pornography books and DVDs and Catholic Church owns it. 
One of the most unusual lawsuits, a surfer once sued another surfer accusing him of 'stealing his wave'! 
Multinational company 'Nike' only paid the creator of the NIKE Swoosh symbol $35 for the design! 
More people have walked and orbited around the moon than people who have pitched a major league perfect game. 
The ability to breathe through their butts is possessed by both turtles and sea cucumbers! 
Guns and traffic accidents combined kill less people than the amount that doctors 'accidentally' manage to kill every year in the US! 
These sexual innuendos are on actual Disney movies, right in front of your (and your children's!) eyes!  
Porn star Anna Ilona Staller was elected as the member of Italian parliament and she still works in hardcore porn movies. 
Frequent kissing can help avoid tooth decay and bad breath. 
In his life, a man ejaculates around 17 liters of semen which is about half a trillion sperm. 
Most people do not know this about "safe sex"  
The day the king of pop, Michael Jackson died, Twitter, Wikipedia and AOL IM all collapsed at 3:15 pm exact. 
A friend or close family member is the person responsible in almost 80% of all murder and rape cases. 
In the movie 'Pulp Fiction', the F-word (f*ck) was used 257 times! 
A couple hold the record for the longest engagement at 67 years, and they finally got married when they were 82 years old! 
To enhance the flavour of cigarettes, a chemical (Urea) found commonly in humans piss is added to them! 
Scientists in 2006 were able to grow a Penis in a Laboratory which was later successfully grafted on a Rabbit. 
Big and beautiful. These women were voted the sexiest plus-size models in the world! The pics say it all>>  
The original name of colour orange was Geoluhread and later people started calling it Orange after the fruit. 
For up to 12 times a year, disabled people in Holland are allowed a government grant that pays their bills for sex. 
In Texas, a 52 yr old woman was arrested for being found guilty of sending threats and harassing texts to herself. 
There are many reported cases where male kangaroos have been known to get blow jobs, from themselves! 
When an ant dies it gives a special odor to indicate to other ants that it is dead an then taken to a graveyard. 
Due to poor personal hygiene and because he smelled bad, Steve Jobs was transferred to the night shift at the time he worked at Atari! 
Covering your mouth and holding your nose while sneezing can cause your eyeballs to be blown out because of the pressure created! 
Pizza Hut's large pizza in Australia is of 11 inches compared to its medium sized pizza in America which is of 12 inches. 
In 2011, the United States government had less money than the company, Apple; but only for a very short time. 
In the whole of Afghanistan there exist only one PIG! 
There is park in Korea called the Penis Park which has hundreds of statues of penises put in place to ease the soul of a virgin maid. 
To make sure Bill Gates n his wife had privacy on the wedding he rented every hotel room and chartered every helicopter on the Lanai Island 
A strip club was actually sued by a man who claimed that a stripper's boob hit him in the face, gave him a whiplash! 
Dopamine is released in your body while listening to music and responsible for the shivers you experience. 
In Ukraine, a teenage girl promised and agreed to give a blowjob to a random person if she got 10,000 likes on her social profile. 
Religious web sites are more likely to harm your computer with viruses than web sites hosting pornographic content. 
Studies show men find this sexy about women, what do you think?  
Out of all animals living on planet earth, only human beings have pubic hairs. 
In the last 3,500 years, the 'civilized' world has fought wars for 3,270 years and has seen the peace for only 230 years! 
A physician attempting to treat woman suffering from 'hysteria' invented the vibrator. 
This celebrity has the "worst" sex tape of all time!  
A man aged 60 became a dad, a grand dad, and a ­great-grand dad in one day when his wife, daughter and granddaughter gave birth together. 
In 1977, a man named Roy Raymond founded the now world-famous women clothing and lingerie store "Victoria's Secret". 
Being a drama queen is an actual personality disorder known as the Histrionic personality disorder that affects women 4 times more than men. 
Records show that every year, Oprah Winfrey earns about $385 million, which is over $1 million a day! 
The real Charlie Chaplin once participated in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest and only won third place! 
In the 1960s and 70s BBC presenters were allowed to smoke marijuana openly during the working hours. 
Breast implants are to the point where you can not tell a difference by look or feel! Are these boobs real or fake? sp>  
Orgasms cure migraines in women and prostate cancer in men. 
Having sex burns 144 plus calories per 30 minutes while making out burns 238 calories per half hour. 
There is no scientifically known function of pubic hairs. 
To prepare for his challenging role as the Joker in 'The Dark Knight', actor Heath Ledger locked himself in a hotel room for 30 days! 
More adult diapers are sold in Japan than children's diaper because old people have outnumbered the young ones. 
Studies show that these are the top signs of being in the "friend zone"  
One of the major flavours used in ice cream and pudding is actually anal gland secretion of American and European beavers. 
The author of the Harry Potter series, J.K. Rowling has weekly earnings of about $5 million! 
At least 6 million lives have been saved by Bill Gates as he has given away more than $28 billion in charity since 2007. 
In Japan you can buy a motorbike which literally uses animal poop as fuel. 
A male Olympian use on average 15 condoms during his stay at olympic village for 15 days. 
When iPad 2 was released, a Chinese teenager sold one of his kidneys for £2,000 so that he could pay to buy it. 
Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of Facebook, is red-green colorblind, meaning that the best color he can see is blue, which is why FB is blue! 
The chemical name for the protein "Titin" is the longest word in the English language with about 189,819 letters! 
You will have to burn almost 3,500 calories if you wish to lose just one pound of fat! 
Everyone thinks this food is healthy, but it's NOT!  #sp 
A Parisian street mime was so committed that he actually got stuck in his imaginary box and then died of starvation in the year 1843! 
Peeing after sex helps avoid UTI's (urinary tract infections). 
Eating a pound of salt was a 'popular' way of committing suicide in ancient China! 
You'd never guess Leonardo DiCaprio and Justin Bieber collect this  
The hair and nails do not continue to grow after death. This is an optical illusion caused by the decomposition of the body. 
The need to kiss does not have a physical explanation. It is still unknown why humans find pleasure in exchanging saliva. 
You can actually fracture your penis! It happens mostly during rough sex, but overly enthusiastic masturbation can also cause it. 
Charlie Chaplin's penis was large enough to be termed the 8th wonder of the world by Hollywood. 
All men have a seam-like line over their testicles while if they are born as women instead, this seam becomes the inner lips of the vagina! 
To avoid being eaten by the mate, the male Orb-Web spider detaches its penis and finishes the sex as he runs for his life. 
The oldest person in the world is currently 116 year old Besse Cooper! She still looks amazing!>>  
It is possible for a person to go deaf after a very passionate kiss as the pressure created can rupture your eardrum! 
Alaskan residents are allowed by law to grow up to 25 marijuana plants for personal usage. 
If you add up all the numbers present on a roulette wheel, you will get the number 666. 
It takes mosquitoes only 2 seconds to have sex when mating in the air! 
Sati was an Indian custom, in which the widow had to burn herself alive on the funeral of her husband to show her loyalty towards him. 
Scientists believe that untidy and unmade beds are healthier for us than neat and made beds. 
Clara Meadmore, of Glasgow is the oldest living virgin, aged 108 years. 
According to a law in California, all people there are guaranteed sunshine! 
A survey shows that if a woman offers to pay on her first date, there is a 90% chance that she would not go on a second date with him. 
Remembering and telling certain memories again and again can alter the very memories themselves. 
Same sex relationships in the ancient native American tribes were treated with utmost respect and were thought to be sacred. 
According to a recent research done on 16000 women, the more curvy a woman, the more intelligent she is. 
Beards represented masculinity and wisdom until Gillette razor company asked Hollywood to cast clean shaven actors to sell their product. 
In the state of Kentucky (USA) it is against the law to carry an ice cream cone in your back pocket! 
A drunk man killed a shark by literally jumping on its head but was later taken to the hospital for alcohol poisoning. 
Oral sex can cause cancers of the mouth and throat more than smoking and alcoholism. 
I bet you didn't know this about the U.S. government!  
In Iran a man paid $500 to a wizard so that he could become invisible and rob a bank. 
In 2007, while introducing the iPhone, Steve Jobs used the phone to call Starbucks and order 4,000 lattes to go for everyone present! 
You need to walk the full length of a football field if you want to burn the calories from just one plain M&M candy! 
This sex fact will prove why it actually sucks to be a guy  
Apes are known to tend to masturbate if they lose a battle with fellow apes! 
1,748,000 people were killed in one hour by Genghis Khan's army at Nishapur in 1221. 
"It's okay" and "I'm fine" are the two most common lies spoken in the world! 
The name of Hershey's "Kisses" originated from the machine which made them, as it looked like the machine was kissing the conveyor belt! 
The creator of the animated series 'Family Guy', Seth MacFarlane, was originally supposed to be on the plane that hit the WTC on 9/11. 
The book which has been shoplifted the most in the history of mankind is 'The Bible'! 
Eating chocolate can actually help you lose weight! Here's how, though  
Male sharks possess two penises called claspers. 
When he was in his teens, former American President George W. Bush used to be a cheerleader for his high school team! 
Of all the dollar bills that are in circulation, 45% of them have most likely already been in a stripper's G-string! 
Founder of the Ford Motor Company, Henry Ford, never got a drivers license! 
In the United States, about 20% of all divorces are somehow linked to Facebook! 
You can't tickle yourself; your brain is conditioned to ignore sensations generated by our own movements. Check it out  
Research has shown that pain resistance can be increased by swearing while in pain. 
Receiving a text message which says "Can i ask you a question?" is known to scare almost 99% of people! 
'Nederland' is the name of a town in Colorado, USA where it is officially legal to possess, grow, transport, buy, sell or consume marijuana! 
The population of the whole planet is less than the amount of bacteria in an average human's mouth! 
Organized cheerleading was originally an all-male activity which began in 1898, while women only started participating since the year 1923! 
There is a movie named “Gayniggers From Outer Space” where gay black men from the outerspace liberate men by killing all the women on earth. 
Most of the laugh tracks we hear nowadays on television are by people who are dead by now, as most of them were recorded in the 1950's. 
Genghis Khan, the great Mongolian leader and warrior, died while having sex in his bed! 
In ancient times, kisses were used to seal contracts, and this is where the idea of people kissing at weddings originated from. 
Studies show that you can turn a woman on using this non-sexual technique!  
In WW1, the British soldier, Henry Tandey, saved the life of a wounded German soldier, later identified as Adolf Hitler. 
A newly discovered Mayan calendar gives a new doomsday prediction 7000 years after 2012 and nullifies the 2012 prediction! 
About 500 million people of the world's most populated country China, never brush their teeth! 
Denzel Washington doesn't do WHAT?!  c'mon Denzel! 
There is a pillow that enables you to listen to your loved ones heartbeat even if you’re miles and miles apart through digital interaction. 
For the last five years, “Go Topless Day” has been celebrated in the US on the 26th of August. 
One of the slang terms for a hairy vagina is 'furburger'. 
One website tells people the best time they should go and pee when watching a movie in cinema so they don’t miss any important scene. 
Every time someone adds a friend on Facebook, the worth of owner Mark Zuckerberg increases by $0.003. 
Chicken McNuggets are actually made of beef. They are a hybrid of cows and chickens. 
If you knew this about alcohol, you probably wouldn't drink as much!  
The testicles of a man are capable of producing 10 million sperm cells in one day, and enough to repopulate the entire planet in 6 months! 
An octopus has eight arms, but the third right arm of a male octopus is also it's reproductive organ! 
Frisson, also known as cold chill, is the shiver you get when you experience something with strong emotions. 
You are as likely to get addicted to music as you are to sex or drugs! 
Dwayne Michael Carter Jr, better known as American rapper Lil Wayne, lost his virginity when he was 11. 
After our birth, our eyes stay the exact same size, while our ears and our nose never actually stop growing! 
A dog named Stubby, during the WW1 was promoted to the rank of Sergeant in the United States army. 
The founders of Adidas were two Nazi brothers, one of which after having a disagreement and separation formed PUMA. 
Around the globe, the number of hours that gamers have spent playing " WoW- World of Warcraft" is equal to 5.93 million years. 
Stress is a major contributing factor in the complication of over 90% of all diseases! 
In 2008, the social networking site, Facebook tried to buy Twitter for just $500 million. 
After visiting a priest, Snoop Dogg has changed his name to Snoop Lion and he is not singing rap songs any more. 
It is against the law to have more than two dildos in one household in the state of Arizona! 
As you read this tweet, around 350,000 men are ejaculating world wide. 
Studies show that cows also have 'best friends' within their herds, as they get stressed when separated from certain other cows. 
Most of the calls people hear on morning radio shows are actually staged! 
The average vagina is 3-4 inches long, but the vagina can expand by 200% when a woman is sexually aroused!! MORE>>  
lorenzo, the parrot was arrested by the Columbian police after he warned the drug cartels that the police was nearby. 
One cigarette contains enough toxic ingredients to possibly kill a person if those ingredients were directly injected into bloodstream! 
'Textaphrenia' is a mental disorder in which a person often thinks that a text message has arrived when it actually hasn't! 
Apparently toilet paper maker Charmin has a sense of humor, they hired big-booty Kim Kardashian as a spokesperson>>  
In the 13th century B.C., after Libya was destroyed by the Egyptians, they cut the 13,230 penises from the enemies and took them as trophies 
It is officially against the law to have sex with Satan without using a condom in Bakersfield, California! 
Notorious German leader Adolf Hitler lost one of his testicles at the battle of Somme in 1916! 
The highest point in the world with 3G cell service and internet capabilities is at the highest peak Mount Everest! 
The ice found at fast food restaurants is mostly dirtier than toilet water, and this was shown by the science project of a 12 year old! 
A man named his two sons, Winner and Loser. Loser became a successful detector whereas Winner became a small crook. 
Based on the statistics from critics and movie reviews, this is the worst movie of all time!  
In Kansas, "Doomsday Hotel", a Hotel was built by a group of wealthy businessmen in hope to survive any future apocalypse. 
To combat the declining population, Russians took a day off and celebrated National Sex Day in 2007 to boost the birth rate! 
In Europe, until the 17th century, teenage boys were routinely masturbated by their nannies for a good night sleep. 
'Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis', a lung disease caused by silica dust, is the longest word in Oxford English Dictionary! 
On every mission there are cyanide pills packed with the luggage of NASA astronauts, in case they fail to get back to the earth. 
Eating this fast food is so bad, you're consuming more than a whole day's worth of calories!  
There is an actual emergency plan devised in the case of a sudden zombie attack, in The University of Florida! 
15 years old Olivia was not allowed to watch the premiere of Romeo and Juliet because of a nude scene which was actually filmed on her. 
Actor Anthony Hopkins' total screentime in the film 'The Silence of the Lambs' was 16 minutes, and won him an Oscar for his performance! 
You can suck your drink from up to a 33 ft long straw. 
A 28yr old Californian woman tried to win a Nintendo Wii in a water drinking contest and died from water intoxication due to holding her pee 
25 tons of weight can be lifted by an average human if combined force of all the body muscles is applied together. 
Some people are actually afraid of long words, and that fear is called 'Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia'. 
It may sound safe, but this school had 124 burglaries and 3 murders last year!  
The average speed of fart coming out of your ass is 7 mph. 
The fear of going to school is called "Didaskaleinophobia", and is considered to be a form of separation anxiety. 
Having sex in the morning is better than having coffee as it gets the 'feel-good' hormones pumping, which make it easier to face any hassles 
Masturbating 42 times in one night without stopping caused the death of a 16-year old boy in Rubiato Town, Brazil! 
There exists a book titled “Everything a man knows about women” that has around 100 pages all of which are blank. 
In a survey 1 out of 5 adults agreed on peeing in the public swimming pool and this is what causes the redness of the eyes, not chlorine. 
The scene of a girl peeing in the movie Project X was real and shot without telling her, she received extra money for agreeing to include it 
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was a licensed bartender! 
Barack Obama's Cadillac One has 8-in thick doors and is equipped with shotguns inside for defense! Check it out:  
Adriana Lima, Victoria Secret’s model was a virgin when she married at 27. 
Sobhuza II, the king of Swaziland, who ruled for over 82 years had 70 wives, 210 children, and more than a 1000 grandchildren. 
The ice found at fast food restaurants is mostly dirtier than toilet water, and this was shown by the science project of a 12 year old! 
Leonarda Cianciulli was an italian serial killer who turned her victims into soap and biscuits. 
Bananas and humans share about half of the same DNA which means humans are 50% identical to bananas. 
The Dimples of Venus are the dimples on a woman’s back and are considered as a mark of beauty. 
Olympics committee provide 100,000 condoms to every Olympic village. In Vancouver 2010, 7000 athletes finished them within twelve days. 
Till present there has been only one person, known as the Berlin Patient, who has been completely cured of HIV/AIDS. 
"Nigglywiggly" is the actual name of the little paper flag thingy sticking out of the top of Hershey's kisses! 
South Koreans have a fear that if they left the fan ON at night it will kill them during sleep so they have fans with auto shutdown timers. 
Ashes of the famous American rapper, Tupac Shakur were mixed with weed and smoked by the members of Outlawz, the hip hop group he founded. 
If humans start traveling underground through the earth it would take only 42 mins to go from one place to another anywhere in the world. 
It is against the law even for a married couple to kiss on Sundays in Hartford, Connecticut. 
The word "serendipity" is considered to be one of the top ten most difficult English word to translate in any other language. 
You have a one in two million chance of being killed by falling from your bed. 
The US air force planned a “gay bomb” which would spread the female hormones amongst enemies and make them sexually attractive to each other 
The only time in history, the US was not in debt was in 1835 when Andrew Jackson was President. 
The continent with the lowest birth rate is Antarctica with only 11 children being born there so far. 
Stay in school.. or not! These college dropouts are all worth over a billion dollars  $$$ 
The name of famous American writer Dr. Seuss', is pronounced to rhyme with 'voice'. 
Despite the widespread use of Paracetamol for more than a century, it's still unknown how it works to relieve pain and reduce fever. 
A person who doesn't smoke has 10 times less wrinkles than someone who does smoke! 
There exists a real soda named "Pee Cola", a real laundry soap called "Barf" and a real church named.... this  
Sylvester Stallone had to sell his dog for $50 to sustain, he finally sold the script of Rocky for $25,000, bought his dog back for $15,000 
McDonalds has an estimated daily income of 60 million dollars or $59,178,080.00 to be exact. 
Yahoo in the year 1997 turned down the offer to acquire Google for just $1 million, a company thats worth $200 billion today. 
The sale of vodka generates about 10 percent of the Russian government's income. 
Majority of the Asians have a blue birth mark on their butt, called the Mongolian spot. 
The light bulb was actually invented by Joseph Swan, while 9 out of 10 people believe that Thomas Edison invented it. 
Barack Obama's Cadillac One has 8 inch thick doors and is equipped with shotguns inside for defense! Check it out:  
A new research suggests that Genghis Khan, by killing 40 million people effectively reduced 700 million tons of carbon from the atmosphere. 
The word 'dude' also has a feminine version, called 'dudine'. 
At the age of 85, Chuck Berry, the founder of rock and roll music in the 1950s, still do live concerts today. 
Once when hiding in a farm, Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar burned about $2 million cash in a bonfire to save his daughter from the cold. 
In an attempt to commit suicide a man opened fire at 6 cops, who fired back at him and only one shot hit the man, he recovered in few days. 
This part of your body generates between 10-23 watts of power when at rest, which means it can power a light bulb!  
Known as 'ryukin', Japanese scientists have created a see-through goldfish whose organs are visible through its skin! 
Listerine was not only used as a mouthwash but many people have also been reported of using it as a DOUCHE 
Dried up sperm possesses enough proteins to help reduce wrinkles if applied on your skin, so sperm is actually good for the skin! 
The boobs of women who smoke tends to sag very quickly because smoking destroys a protein called elastin, which gives boobs elasticity. 
Even a fake smile fools the body into releasing endorphins which can make you feel better. 
Human brain shuts off your vision for very a short time when you move your head quickly just to stop you having a motion blur. 
You can burn more calories by watching an hour-long soap opera than by watching 3 hours of a baseball game. 
There exists a species of turtles known as the Chinese soft-shelled turtles, that urinate out of their mouth. 
Johnny Depp doesn't like to watch his own movies and is also scared of clowns. 
Doing this will actually help you sleep better AND get up easier in the morning!  
Trimethylaminurea (TMAU) is a disorder that causes people to emit an unusual body odor that smells like rotten fish. 
The Oxford dictionary has added the word 'bootylicious' to it, and it means sexually attractive. 
Don Gorske, the man who won the guinness world record for eating most Big Macs has had 25000 of them in the last 39 years. 
Doing this will actually improve your quality of life, helping you to live longer!  
The cost of getting your whole body tattooed is estimated to be between $30,000 and $50,000. 
Now you can buy the world's largest hotdog, from Chicago which is 16 inches long, 4 inches in diameter and weighs 7lb. 
English women in the 17th century, baked a kind of bread by sitting on raw dough, kneading it with their privy parts to make it aphrodisiac. 
Marijuana was used as a “truth serum” on the people under investigation, by an American intelligence agency, in the early 1940s. 
Hugh Hefner, the publicist of Playboy, is a huge supporter of gay rights since the 1950's. 
A Mentos commercial asked the Singaporeans to solve the issue of low birthrate by having sex on the country's independence day, 9th of Aug. 
Beyonce is so skilled at this board game, she once beat Kanye West 9 times in a row!  
Human breast milk naturally contains many of the same cannabinoids found in marijuana, known to be vital for proper human development. 
“Gut feeling” is related to anxiety, felt when a bacteria found in stomach called “the second brain” overpowers the actual signals of brain. 
Wearing two condoms is actually more unsafe than wearing one, friction between the condoms can lead to the rupture of both condoms. 
In ancient Greece, there were four words used for love, each depicting a different type of love: agápe, éros, philía, and storgē. 
Although it feels relieving at first, but blowing your nose when you have a cold actually worsens your condition. 
Coke douches were used by women in the 1950s as contraceptives, as it was believed to kill sperm and an easy “shake and shoot” applicator. 
There's an iPhone app which will help you keep track of your girlfriend's period and her mood. 
Research suggests that putting mustard on burns gives instant relief. 
When having regular sex, only 25% of the time do women have an orgasm, but during oral sex, the stats rise up to 81%! 
In the earlier times, being lovestruck was believed to be a temporary mental illness caused by real deep changes brought by romantic love. 
It was calculated that if you had just $34,000 for yourself, you are among the 1% richest elite in the world. 
While having a “triple bypass burger” from a restaurant in Las Vegas named “ The Heart Attack Grill”, a man actually had a heart attack. 
According to researchers the purpose of dreams is to clean up clutter from the mind. 
A psychological disorder, Walking Corpse Syndrome or Cotard syndrome, forces the patient to believe that he/she is DEAD. 
There's a type of mushroom that's called the "Spongiforma Squarepantsii" that grows in Borneo, Malaysia. 
When a male honey bee mates, its testicles explode and the penis is left inside the Queen bee. 
Proof that the human body is GROSS  
You can find your lover’s lips even in the complete dark because certain neurons in the brain aid it to do so. 
In the WWII, the Soviet troops were reported to have raped every third German woman in Berlin. 
In a survey, random people were offered a million bucks if they'd leave their spouse for one night 2 out of every 3 people refused the offer 
Based on statistics (movie reviews and critic ratings) this is the worst movie of all time  
A man can literally kill his wife after childbirth by performing oral sex on her. 
The Swedish term, "buksvåger", literally means "abdomen brothers-in-law". This term is used for two men who've had sex with the same woman. 
The Japanese passenger who survived the titanic crash was marked as a coward by his country for not dying with the other passengers. 
The legal age for heterosexual vaginal sex in the 19th century, in Canada was just 12! 
7000 brain cells die every day as a human ages, but having regular sex may help build new ones. 
You can have a bath in coffee, green tea or wine in a spa in Japan to boost the mood and revitalize the skin. 
Studies show these are the top NON-SEXUAL ways to turn a woman on and get her to like you  
The Hollywood sign in 1987 was changed to "Hollyweed" by some hippies to encourage the loosening of marijuana laws. 
Of all American women, about 3.9% of them do not wear panties or underwear at all. 
You are 2.5 times more likely to die of a heart attack or stroke if you’re a regular complainer of being bored. 
You see yourselves 5 times more attractive in the mirror than you really are, thanks to your brain. 
Sleeping in a cold room increases chances of having a nightmare. The colder your room is, the better the chances you will have a nightmare. 
Eating this will increase your sex drive... a lot  
Cell Phone users spend a combined time of 200 million minutes or 16 years every hour playing Angry Birds every day. 
Many cross cultural studies suggest that more educated people are more supportive towards gay marriages than less educated people. 
The concept of diamonds in ancient Greece was that they were tear drops of the Gods and that the flames of love could be reflected by it. 
The most disgusting viral video "2 girls 1 cup" is actually only a trailer of a proper porn movie "Hungry Bitches" 
In 1960, A Hungarian in Budapest called Janos Flesch played chess with 52 opponents, blindfolded, at one time and beat 31 of them. 
In 1903, England, there was a man who got trapped for 3 days under his 224 lbs wife, after she fell on top of him from the stairs and died. 
Bart Simpson, from the famous TV show, The Simpsons, has his voice done by a woman, Nancy Cartwright. 
Glycoprotein and selenium is found in human semen which helps reduce breast cancer in women by almost 50%. 
A cream called the HandzOff Anti-Masturbatory Cream fights your urge to masturbate when applied to the penis. 
This is what President Obama and Megan Fox used to look like, back in the day  
Drinking habits and smartness are directly proportional in women; the smarter they are, the bigger drinkers they ought to be. 
In the last two weeks, about 50% of women and 26% of men would've had unwanted sex. 
Patients of depression have a more correct perception of reality and appear to be more realistic then those with normal minds. 
73% of college students admit they drink regularly, 81% they've tried alcohol. THIS % said they've been SUPER drunk>>  
The derivation of the word "bride" is from an old English word that means "cook", whereas the word "groom" came from "male child". 
The color Pink does not actually exist in the universe, it is basically white light without the green color. 
When it comes to lions, 90% of the time it's the female that hunts. The males mostly rest. 
If you find the celebrities in these photos attractive, be careful; they used to be the opposite sex!  
Semen absorbed by the vagina can work as an antidepressant. 
If you hang upside down and eat something, it will still go to your stomach without hindrance. 
The English word with most synonyms is “drunk", having more than 353 words that can be used in its place. 
A total number of 3 trillion pigs have been popped by Angry Bird players worldwide, till now. 
Sex is known to be much more effective to put you to sleep than your average sleeping pill. 
If a female Adelie penguin accepts a stone rolled to her by a male penguin, the two will mate. 
An Indian man claimed that he has not been eating or drinking for past 70 years and scientists still haven't proved him wrong. 
Every 45 minutes, an innocent life is lost by a drunk driver in the United States. 
In 1960, the first black American who won the Olympic gold medal in marathon ran the race barefooted because he couldn't afford the shoes. 
Octopus, shrimp, horseflesh and cow tongue are popular flavours of ice cream in Tokyo. 
In the game Assassin's Creed 3, all the victims, their location and time of death are inspired by the deaths of real people. 
The moaning sounds you hear in the song Rocket Queen by Guns N Roses were actually sounds of Steve Adler's GF having sex with Axl Rose. 
Every person in the world will shake hands with six people annually who’ve recently masturbated and haven’t cleaned up. 
There are some lions which can have sex over 50 times in just one day! 
In the year 2112, Facebook will have profiles of 750 million dead people. 
You would start thinking that the people around you are copies of yourself if your brain's left tempo-parietal junction is stimulated. 
The Nazi leader, Hitler, from 1942 until his death in 1945, was addicted to crystal meth. 
In the Guangdong province of China, it is estimated that almost 10,000 cats are eaten every day! 
Annually, almost four people lose their lives while trying to change their pants. 
Not funny: Soulja Boy, Lil Wayne, and Kurt Cobain have all been arrested. Kinda funny: their mugshots (photos:  
Getting angry at people when we listen to them breathing or eating is called Misophonia, which is an actual brain disorder. 
Eating 25 pounds of chocolate in one sitting can get you high by triggering physical and psychological responses similar to marijuana. 
In ancient Rome, the punishment for Rape would be crushing the offender's testicles with two rocks. 
This text was actually published on real signs outside of churches!  
The origin of the word "Panic" is from a Greek demi-god, Pan, who used to frighten travelers in jungle, because of which they 'panicked'. 
It was found that the most unproductive day was Monday where workers only manage to get 3.5 hours of actual work done. 
Historians believe that Genghis Khan with his fellow Mongolians killed around 11% of the world's population. 
In China, nearly half a billion of the population doesn't brush their teeth at all. 
The most effective cough syrup that exists is HONEY. 
Your desire to partake in any physical activity is reduced by 57% when you're watching TV. 
She's one of the hottest celebrities, but in these photos, she has no make-up on. Still hot, or not?  
If a male fruit fly ejaculates excessive seminal fluid during mating, it can be fatal for the female fruit fly. 
If you live in Japan, you can name your child "Buttocks" or "Prostitute" and it is socially acceptable. 
Having minimal social interaction with the outside world is equally harmful, to smoking 15 cigarettes a day or being an alcoholic. 
There world has fought almost 140 wars ever since the United Nations was founded in 1945. 
Eugene O'Neill, the famous American playwright, was born in a hotel room in 1888 and died in a hotel room as well in 1953. 
These are the top voted TV characters people think should be killed off! How mean  
If a married man is having sex with a woman other than his wife, his chances of dying during intercourse increased by four times! 
The word used in English language to describe a man who owns a pub is “Publican'. 
During lucid dreams you can often control the content of your dream. In this, you know that you're dreaming even though you're asleep. 
The world's shortest scheduled flight was 1 ½ mins long, used to drop kids to school that was only a mile away from where the plane took off 
Isaac Newton thought the menstrual blood of a prostitute had magical powers. He also despised women and died a virgin. 
Music effects the mood and behaviour of people and that is why retail shops play slow music as it makes buyers spend more time and money. 
Even though being physically unable to move, Stephen Hawking has three children and has been married twice. 
In the 1920s, the famous american cheese was called "rattrap cheese", or "rat cheese". 
You could have insured yourself from going to hell in Britain in the 18th century. 
Wait... the average college freshman drinks how many alcoholic drinks per week?! Take your guess, then find out  
Narcocorridos is a mexican music genre which romanticises the lifestyle of drug lords by referring to the real life criminal activities. 
51 year old Robert Stewart was sentenced to three years of probation after he was caught having sex with a bike in his hotel room in 2007. 
En-men-lu-ana, a Sumerian King is believed to have ruled the dynasty for over 43,200 years. 
Most people think THIS breakfast food is healthy... but it's far from that!  
An average English woman in the 17th century would have, on average, thirteen children! 
The numerical digit “0” is actually an even number. 
If you are abducted by aliens, an Insurance company does exist that's willing to pay $1 every year for the next million years. 
“Nigger Toes” is a common street name used for Brazil Nuts. 
A Church that worships the penis does in fact exist. This Canadian church also has regular group masturbating sessions. 
Ted Bundy, one of the most notorious American serial killer,used to work at Seattle's Suicide Hotline crisis center, in 1971 
Mila Kunis at one point had to give up the computer because she was so addicted to this video game!>>  #WoW 
United States holds the record of having the highest number of people who have been diagnosed with a mental disorder. 
The character of James Bond smoked up to 70 cigarettes a day because the writer, Ian Fleming, himself smoked up to 80 in a day. 
The song ‘Yesterday’ was composed by Paul McCartney in a dream. The song today is one of the most covered songs of all time. 
In the 1920s, Kansas, US, a doctor offered the treatment of erectile dysfunction by transplanting goat testicles onto men. 
A gallon of gas is capable of recharging the iPhone everyday for the next 20 years. 
The pattern of activity in the brain if the feeling of hate arises is similar to the pattern of activity ignited by the feeling of love. 
There is a dress that shows a woman’s sense of arousal by turning transparent. 
'Incest-Fest' is a festival celebrated by students at Harvard and the purpose of the festival is to get laid with as many people as possible 
The taste of the fluid produced by beavers anal glands is like raspberry and it is used in food flavoring. 
The most people killed in a natural disaster were around 830,000, in an earthquake in Shaanxi, China, in 1556. 
Alexander the Great suffered from heterochromia iridum; one of his eyes was blue and the other was brown. 
In these photos, you can see what your favorite celebrity looks like, without make-up!  
The first product that Steve Jobs sold was "Blue Box" which illegally enabled users to get free phone service. 
When Obama was living in Indonesia, he ate snake meat, dog meat and roasted grasshoppers quite often. 
Americans consume 44% of all the gasoline products produced in the world. 
In order to be born in the first place, shark embryos must fight each other in the mother's womb until only one is left alive. 
Robert J. White, an American surgeon, once transplanted a living monkey's head onto the body of another monkey. 
If you find the celebrities in these photos attractive, be careful; they used to be the opposite sex!  
Men are actually less likely to talk dirty than women! 
Even after 12 years of its release, new games for Playstation 2 are still being developed and released in the market. 
Only one dollar was annually withdrawn by Steve Jobs from Apple's accounts as his annual salary when he was CEO. 
Fact: An A-list celebrity actually said this "What's Walmart? Do they sell, like, wall stuff?" Find out who:  
The name of a hill in Wales “Blorenge”, is the only word that rhymes with the word ”orange”. 
Suicide statistics suggest that Monday is the most popular day for people who commit suicide. 
During a visit to the US, the Russian President Yeltsin got madly drunk, went outside the White House in his underwear to buy pizza. 
The computing memory of an iPhone is a lot more than what NASA's spaceship used to take the man to the Moon. 
The word “Pants”, when it initially began to be used was considered simply vulgar by the British aristocracy. 
Women are more likely to be threatened by a prettier woman than by a pervert. 
This hip-hop star sold over 14,000,000 albums and is the #8 best selling rapper of all time... but he went BANKRUPT!  
When we listen to our recorded voices, they always seem different and the reason for this is that the skull conducts lower frequencies. 
If your favorite dessert is ice-cream, you are more likely to enjoy sports and hate giving up the TV remote. 
Tuberculosis in the earlier times was believed to be a romantic disease and also enhance the artistic abilities of a person. 
People who stay awake till late night are more intelligent than the people who go to bed early and rise early for the day, study suggests. 
The last words of the author of the famous “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory”, Roald Dahl, were "Ow, fuck!" 
Believe it or not, this is an ACTUAL college course you can take  
There exists a guy who has been training for nearly 5 years to endure 1,100 lb of forceful kick to his ass. 
Waylon Jennings, a musician, in the 1980s, spent around $1500 on cocaine, every day. 
"The Avengers" was also the name of a Jewish team of assassins that used to kill Nazi war criminals after WWII. 
Scientists suggest that sperm cells do actually possess a sense of smell. 
Studies reveal that people who consume moderate amount of alcohol have a longer life than those who don’t. 
The government of Tortuga, in 1645, imported 1650 prostitutes to satisfy the needs of pirates inhibited there. 
Robert Downey Jr. was paid 100 times more in The Avengers than he was paid in Iron Man 1. 
A study shows that flattering a child's intelligence makes them dumber, though admiring the process of problem solving makes them smarter. 
It looks to an observer as if you're saying "I love you" if you mouth the word "colorful". 
People who are left-brained are more logical, people who are right-brained are more creative! This shows which YOU are  
Henry Earl, a person living in the United States, has been arrested by the police over 1300 times. 
Pumpkin pie, licorice, chocolate, and donuts when sniffed by a male, can help increase the blood flow to his penis. 
Carl Boenish, the father of modern BASE jumping, ironically died in a BASE jump off the Troll Wall in Norway. 
There is an actual guide to making a #badass, awesome-tasting grilled cheese sandwich  
There's a one in two million chance that you'll die by falling out of bed, and one in 25 million that you'll die in a plane crash. 
One of the preventive methods for developing kidney stones is having sex 4-5 times a week which reduces the risk by 45% in men. 
If you're a resident in Hong Kong and have been cheated by your husband you're legally allowed to kill him but only with your own bare hands 
A report of CIA suggests that around 50,000 women and children are trafficked within the US annually as prostitutes and labourers. 
Upon decapitating a chicken, it stays alive long enough to be able to run the length of a football field before dying. 
The Indian army had a plan to create a weapon using the world's hottest chilli. (Ghost Chilli) 
73% of college students admit they drink regularly, 81% they've tried alcohol. THIS % said they've been SUPER drunk>>  
An unusual condition called superior canal dehiscence syndrome can make people hear their eyeballs movement. 
You will go blind for a short period of time if you halt your eyeballs movement for a few seconds. 
Currently, there is $79 trillion in the entire world. If this is distributed amongst the population of Earth, everyone will end up with $11k 
Fritz Christen, a German soldier survived 3 days on the battlefield killing 100 enemy soldiers and finishing 13 Soviet tanks single handedly 
When Jewish girls get their 1st period, they are slapped by their mothers because it is a tradition in their culture. 
If you are passionate about space you can apply for a job as "Asteroid Miner'. 
It was calculated that an average silence between to people takes almost 4 seconds to turn awkward. 
“Gadsby” is the 50,000 words story book written without using the alphabet “e" even once. 
It is believed that American President, Abraham Lincoln had a dream about his assassination ten days before he was killed. 
Masturbation is known to darken the color of penises, compared to the color of the body. 
Sperm has enough protein to nourish the skin and is also known to help reduce wrinkles. 
The Signature moustache (Hitler moustache) of the famous comedian, Charlie Chaplin, was actually fake. 
A single sex session uses the same amount of energy that 45 minutes of Frisbee-throwing does. 
Once, in an attempt to kill himself by a heart attack, actor Peter Cushing from Star Wars, ran up and down the stairs several times. 
These famous men actually used to be women!  
In 1942, a short film was produced by the US government titled ”Hemp for Victory” showing the advantages of using Hemp products. 
You are not allowed to name your baby in Denmark without the approval of government authorities. 
In a recent survey it was stated that men who helped their wives with housework had more sex on average. 
Check out pics of these panties and flip-flop shoes, they have bottle openers on them!  
"The world is going to end in 2060",was the conclusion drawn by Newton after carefully researching the Bible. 
Humans are known to lie as much as three times every ten minutes of an average conversation. 
A human can still survive after his/her stomach is completely removed using a procedure called Gastrectomy. 
Pygophilia is a condition in which a person gets sexually aroused by the ass. 
With the population of over 6,000 "Farmville" is an actual village located in Virginia, US. 
In 1965, Playboy Magazine has actually interviewed Martin Luther King Jr. 
These were voted by men, as the sexiest things a woman could do:  
For almost 30 years, Lysol has been used as genital disinfectant and contraceptive by women. 
In a single year, the song Happy Birthday makes Warner Music Group $2 million in royalties. 
The United States had planned to use the drug Marijuana in chemical weapons to induce psychic behaviour among enemies. 
A metal band exists with a parrot named Hatebeak as its front vocalist. 
In Middle East Homer Simpson is know as “Omar Shamshoon” who drinks soda instead of beer and eats traditional Arab cookies, not donuts. 
This is what President Obama and Megan Fox used to look like, back in the day  
If the entire world consumes as much as an average American, the population would need resources from 3-5 earths combined to survive. 
Researchers have documented that 1500 animal species engage themselves in homosexuality. 
Traces of cocaine can be found on nearly ninety-seven percent of all the U.S dollar bills. 
The world would inhibit 1 trillion people, if the same density of population, as of Hong Kong, existed everywhere in the world. 
According to a survey, as much as 99% of people prefer deleting the entire password when they just mess up one letter. 
A 50 years old expert from a wild life sanctuary, in china licked an endangered monkey's ass hole for one complete hour to save its life. 
Women are capable of reaching orgasm by simply kissing continuously. 
To stimulate his brain, Sherlock Holmes regularly injected cocaine into his body. 
If you like to party, these schools were voted the top places to party, period  pass me a beer! 
In January 1869, the very first installed traffic signal in London exploded only after a month it got operational, killed a cop. 
A 34-years-old man's penis fell off after he tried to inject cocaine in it to enhance his sexual performance. 
The search engine Google encounters 372 people every second, that search for pornography. 
This bug flaps it's wings 200 times per SECOND! Amazing:  
Water costs more than gas in the US as 1 gallon of bottled water costs $21, compared to 1 gallon of gasoline which costs only $3.39. 
TERATOPHOBIA is an unusual fear of giving birth to a monster. 
In the 1800s, a South African railway guard had officially hired a baboon to assist him in his daily tasks. 
Condom, other than being a sex product, is also the name of a town in France. 
In 1859, a war took place between United States and the British Empire over a pig eating a potato crop. 
A 75 year old woman caused the disconnection of Internet in Georgia and Armenia after stealing fibre optic cable in 2011. 
This food contains artificial coloring made from BUGS!  
If in 1957 you invested $1000 with Warren Buffett, you would have gained $30 million today. 
A man was sued for £100,000 for making a 1 minute long "song" that is nothing but silence. 
Jason Earles, who took the role of Jackson Stewart in Hanna Montana, was at age 30 when the show went live. 
The man that got the fastest speeding ticket ever was for driving at a speed of 242 mph. 
It is believed that whenever you're stuck between a crocodile's jaw, poking him in the eye will let go of the grip to set you free. 
The uncensored version of South Park's intro theme song actually sings "I like fucking silly bitches, cause I know my penis likes it," 
A pair of library books were issued by George Washington and never returned. They are now 221 years overdue. 
A woman in UK, in 2005, delivered twins with two different fathers, a chance in 1 in 13,000 cases. 
If the Titanic were to be launched in 2012, its first class (parlour suite) would've cost US$100,000. 
A research suggests that smoking tobacco can actually facilitate your learning and increase memory. 
It take an average human around 64 seconds to recover their train of thought if interrupted by an email. 
You can buy reusable menstrual products including washable sanitary pads. 
Sylvester Stallone's classmates voted for him to be "most likely to die in an electric chair" when he was 15. 
During the Roman and Byzantine eras, doctors would taste urine to test for diabetics. 
If a person is stung by a jellyfish, application of Coca-Cola can be a suitable treatment. 
Cap d'Agde is a village and tourist spot in France famous because it was an officially declared nudist village. 
It's a dumb world record, but this guy balanced a TON of spoons on his face! Pics:  
To describe a situation when a girl looks good from the back but actually has butter face, Japanese use a term called Bakku-shan. 
In 1995 in North America a man became local celebrity just because his name was "Dick Assman" 
In a study, the majority of women claimed that they found kissing to be more intimate than sex. 
Eating this will increase your sex drive... a lot  
Human male possesses bigger heart and bigger brain than their female counter part. 
A person managed to break the world record for having a ferret in his pants for 5 hours and 30 minutes! 
1 out of 5 million male born with a condition called Penile Agenesis, which is being born literally without penis. 
According to condom manufacturers, only 6% of the male population actually needs extra large condoms, the rest just lie. 
First bras were metal discs covering the boobs introduced by Viking ladies. 
In a cold situation, the penis and testicles tend to huddle together to keep warm as sperm and testosterone need warm temperature to be made 
These were voted the most creative names for Wi-Fi  
A study suggests that being overweight is a bigger health risk than being a smoker or drinker. 
In a single year, 30% or 1.7 trillion cigarettes are consumed by Chinese smokers alone. 
A woman named Jeanne Calment smoked cigarettes for almost 96 years, from the age of 21 to 117 years. 
The ‘Lunulas’ are the white arcs on your fingernails and the term actually means ‘Little Moon’ 
In the first air to air combat in 1914, the first ever plane was shot down by the pilot of another plane with just a simple hand gun. 
Studies show these are the top NON-SEXUAL ways to turn a woman on and get her to like you  
If the observable stars in the galaxy are divided amongst our population, everyone would end up owning 44.2 trillion stars. 
In 1901, 64 years before the birth of Robert Downey Jr, the character of Sherlock Holmes was already titled as "the man of iron" 
Toothbrushes were made using neck hair of wild boars till 1930s. 
There actually exists a final episode of famous cartoon Tom and Jerry in which both committed suicide. 
Rapper Snoop Dogg has an IQ level of 147 that is thought to be extremely high and that of a gifted genius. 
Sperm Banks only allow females to have access to the sperm storage area as males have been reported of exchanging sperm with theirs. 
You cannot walk around your house nude in Singapore, nor can you hug in public as there are laws that prohibit Singaporeans from doing so. 
The snow flakes you see in the early movies were actually popcorns. 
South Africa, Ireland and UK are three top countries that search for gay porn, according to Google. 
These bottles of liquor are shaped like a penis and a skull, and they're real.  
If during a flight both the pilot and copilot die, the plane could still land on its destination safely if its put on autopilot and autoland 
Golden poison frog is so poisonous that even 1g of it can kill nearly 15000 people. 
US only accounts for 5% of the global population but it houses almost 33% of the global obese weight. 
Based on statistics (movie reviews and critic ratings) this is the worst movie of all time  
People in Cameroon gathered money in 1931 to send to “starving Americans”. The total amount gathered was $3.77. 
Peter the great of Russia made his wife look at the face of her lover that he beheaded, everyday after finding about their affair. 
Chewing gum can help in making a human brain run efficiently and effectively. 
The longest prison sentence ever was for 384,912 years for having failed to deliver 4000 letters, in 1972. 
A theory suggests that the painting of Mona Lisa is not of a woman but instead a self portrait of da Vinci wearing woman’s clothes. 
In the late 1800s, a game of poker lasted for eight years in Arizona. 
Proof that the human body is GROSS  
Semantic Satiation is a phenomenon when a word loses its meaning temporarily because of constant repetition. 
If you drop a mouse from a flying plane it will survive if land on the grass. 
Johnny Depp got an advice from Nicolas Cage to start a career in acting. 
Beer is brewed from a plant name Humulus which actually is a sister plant of cannabis plant. 
The word "Vanilla" is actually a derivation from the latin word "vagina". 
In 2011, a straight British rugby player had a heart attack and woke up as gay and became hairdresser. 
During an extremely passionate kiss, it is possible for a person to go deaf. 
During an extremely passionate kiss, it is possible for a person to go deaf. 
Milton Blahyi a Liberian General had a belief that fighting naked will protect you from bullets, he took his army into the battlefield naked 
It was calculated that the total weight of all the ants on Earth is almost equivalent to the total weight of humans. 
"Sout Piel" is slang tern for British people in South Africa which if translated into English means "Salt Dick" 
Einstein scored 160 on his IQ test, whereas Marilyn Monroe scored 8 points more than him (168). 
Just a gram of the venom of the king cobra has enough potency to kill 150 people! 
Remember THIS nude scene? HOT.  
A 17 years old boy, Michael Doucette honored as the Unites State's safest teenage driver died in a car accident. 
A research published by the British Medical Journal stated that frequent orgasms can help increase a person's lifespan. 
'Twit', in the English Language, is the name given to a pregnant goldfish. 
Voted worst catch-phrases of 2011. If you say this, chances are, people HATE it  
In Europe for almost 300 years there was an epidemic, Dancing Mania, in which people danced uncontrollably until they died. 
Shem Davies from the UK, has a 14 year old daughter who recently gave birth to a girl, making him the world's youngest granddad at 29! 
These were voted the best apps for your smartphone! iPhone:  and Android:  
So far in 2012, 410 cases of men dying of breast cancer have been reported, worldwide. 
On the list of the most painful experiences, "burnt alive" stands first followed by "giving birth". 
During WWII Nazis were actually drinking fake coffee made from acorns. 
Water has been reused so many times that it's actually possible that the next glass you have may already has been drunk by someone else. 
The legendary artist, Picasso went to the brothel for first time when he was only 13 years old. 
2 days after their marriage, both Hitler and his new wife Eva Braun committed suicide. 
Here's what Obama and Romney said off camera, before and after the debates! It got heated!  
Only $9 were paid for the world's first television commercial in 1941 by Bulova, a luxury watch and clock making company. 
In a game of chess, the color white has nearly 10% more win rate compared to black. 
If Bugatti Veyron is driven at the speed of 253 mph, its top speed, it will consume 26.4 gallon (100 L) of fuel in 12.5 mins. 
You can purchase pubic lice on the World Wide Web. 
$65,000 per night is the cost of world's most expensive hotel suite located in Geneva. 
You'll be surprised to learn that this food has high levels of arsenic in it  
According to a professor at Harvard, money can buy happiness just when you spend it on other people. 
In a match in 1938, a player from Chicago Bears made 56 fumbles before finally catching the ball. 
A condition called "False Awakening" occurs when you're dreaming that you've woken up, but still are in deep sleep. 
Talk about dumb, these guys got arrested after a robbery because they put this as their Facebook default picture:  
Humans are unable to taste pure water, but it does have a taste. 
In the US more people die every year due to prescribed painkillers than by usage of all the illegal drugs combined. 
After movie Top Gun was shown in theaters, percentage of young men enrolling in navy increased by 500%. 
4 Trillion degree centigrade is the highest temperature scientists have managed to achieve on earth. 
In the German army, heterosexual and homosexual soldiers are legally free to have sex with each other! 
There exists a Chinese god, Tu Er Shen, that controls sex and love among gay men. 
Alone in the Las Vegas, lap dancers generate 25 million dollars annually. 
The first television remote control was called "Lazy Bones" it was for the people who were too lazy to change the tv channel. 
From all the organs in the human body, only the eyes and the vagina are self cleaning ones. 
In 1970's a shampoo was available in market which actually has 33% beer as its ingredient. 
You need your nose to hum, so if you hold it there's noway you can do so. 
"Snollygoster" is a term used to describe a politician who works for his self interest and not for the people. 
Bruce Lee had trained his moves to be so quick that he could catch grains of rice in mid-air using only chopsticks. 
The youngest girl to be a mother was 9 years old who also became the youngest grandmother as her daughter gave birth at the age of 9 as well 
Although occurring only one to three times a year, many people still fear Friday the 13th and is called Paraskevidekatriaphobia. 
There exists a theory which state that CLITORIS is basically the nipple of VAGINA. 
A Korean couple's 3 month old baby die due to starvation as they spent 12 hours daily in an internet cafe raising a virtual child. 
In 1980s, in the UK, hedgehog flavoured crisps were available for some time. 
FAD, or Facebook Addiction Disorder, has as many as 350 million sufferers. 
During the WW2, at the Jasenovac camp, a few guards put a bet on who could kill the most no. of people in 1 night, the winner killed a 1000. 
Jesus stands second to Justin Bieber in "the most Google-d" list. 
Blue Sperm Whale's poop is one of the main ingredient in perfumes which make them smell MUSKY. 
Some people can engage in sexual acts even when they’re asleep: this is a condition called Sexsomnia. 
In early 19th century, a man named Emil Krebs was able to fluently speak 68 languages. 
Classical or jazz music is preferred by intellects while rock or heavy metal music is preferred by rebels. 
In Russia, September 12th is celebrated as the "Day of conception" in which couples are given a holiday to have sex. 
In the late 1870’s, Cocaine was introduced as a miracle drug to treat those who were addicted to morphine. 
Sense of physical or emotional pain is also considered one of the senses in humans, other than 5 commonly known senses. 
Here's what and Ned Flanders from The Simpsons have in common  
The average male orgasm lasts only about one-fourth than that of the average female. 
Birth control pills can effectively be used as fertilisers in your garden, as estrogen and oxytocin present in it accelerates the plant's... 
1/10 of a calorie is added in your body every time you lick the sticky part of a stamp. 
Talk about dumb, these guys got arrested after a robbery because they put this as their Facebook default picture:  
From an “insect tasting” survey, it was deduced that beetles tasted like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon. 
Out of all 6,500 languages on earth only 390 are spoken by almost 6.5 billion people. 
When Heinz ketchup is taken out from a regular bottle, the speed at which ketchup flows is 25 miles a year. 
Technically every person who goes out in space comes back a little aged than he would have been if stayed on earth. 
The character, Mickey Mouse, was named after american actor Mickey Rooney: whose mother Walt Disney had dated. 
Real liquor bottles, shaped like skulls and penises. Pics:  
In 2000, Tom Sietas made the world record for holding his breath for 22 minutes and 22 seconds. 
As much as 85% of all women buy the wrong bra size for themselves. 
Hypnic jerk or sleep twitches, the feeling of falling while sleeping, occurs when brain takes the relaxing of muscles as falling. 
An algorithm was created by scientists that is able to predict hit pop songs of the future with 60% accuracy rate. 
A group named “women in waves”,offers abortions in international waters while sailing boats around countries that do not allow abortions. 
The male orgasm lasts 6 seconds on average, while the female orgasm lasts for 23. Here's why else it sucks to be a man  
Music is being made by humans since 35,000 years; a conclusion drawn from carbon dated bone flute. 
In 2007, West Scotland, a man was arrested for having sex with a bike in a hotel room. 
Contraceptive pills stop females from ovulating since they fool the body, making it believe that it is pregnant. 
The company that owns Trojan condoms, Church & Dwight, also owns the First Response pregnancy tests. 
Once upon a time in history, cheetahs were tamed and were used to hunt down animals. 
A comedian named Yakov Smirnoff, is actually employed as Professor of Laughter by two universities. 
A program was created by CIA to tackle black magic and hired fortune tellers, warlocks, witches and others to discover how. 
Japan has officially organized the world's biggest ORGY, including 500 people having sex at one place. 
You can do THIS to your windows with Coca-Cola  (yikes!) 
In Guantanamo Bay, there exists The Disco, a place where prisoners are interrogated with the help of music. 
Forgiving others for their mistakes is considered to be the number one trait which gives most happiness to humans. 
You can serve a penalty by law, in Samoa, if you forget your wife's birthday. 
According to Japanese law, possessing child porn is legal but to distribute it or produce its copies is a crime. 
Text messaging has it's own language; textism. WTF, LOL, AFK, BRB and more... do you know what this means?  
Even if you have a perfect and normal vision, there exists two colors that you have never seen. 
A unit of measurement is named after Carl Sagan, 1 sagan equals to four billion after being famous for his catchphrase billions and billions 
Sex tips, food and condoms are received by people who visit a restaurant named Cabbages and Condoms in Bangkok. 
"Ampo" is a popular Indonesian everyday snack and 100% of it is DIRT. 
Two people were killed in the process of finding the tree that was featured on U2’s album ‘The Joshua Tree’ . 
A research shows that sugar is as addictive as cocaine and gives you the same kind of pleasure. 
Marijuana is the most commonly used illegal drug, over 100million people have tried it! BUT, I bet you didn't know this  
Dildos or sex toys have been invented before the wheel, a 30,000 year old art depicts the use of dildos. 
The East German secret police, Stasi, effected and tortured their victims psychologically by sending their wives/girlfriends vibrators. 
A form of torture exists where the victims are forced to drink a lot of water. 
Famous scientist, Tesla was deeply in love with a female pigeon and once said "I loved that pigeon as a man loves a woman, and she loved me" 
At the age of 6, Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr. was already smoking marijuana. 
8 out of every 10 atheists in United States celebrate Christmas every year. 
If you brush your teeth using the hand that you don’t usually do, your self control level will increase. 
There is an annual 6 day marathon race in which participants have to run 251km across the Sahara desert. 
Beautiful people tend to have greater intelligence than those who are ugly, especially if they are males. 
"Come for a Cause" is a slogan of Masturbate-a-thon, an annual event in which people masturbate publicly to raise charity. 
In an average person's lifetime, he/she consumes a total of almost 35,000 cookies! 
The continents of Europe and North America grow apart at a rate of 4 centimetres a year, the rate at which a fingernail grows. 
In Finland, Norway, Sweden, Puerto Rico, and Japan, the check mark (✔) is actually used for an incorrect answer. 
In the 1500s, French women could label their husbands impotent which the husbands then had to prove wrong by ejaculating in the courtroom. 
A road that was built in 312BC in Rome is still functional and is used in the country. 
The girl playing Carol in movie “Poltergeist” died at age of 12 due to a medical error and is now believed to haunt the Paramount Pictures. 
Eating this food can significantly increase your sex drive  
Pigs are made enemies in Angry Birds because swine flu was riding high when the game was being developed. 
In the first season of “Friends” its cast made $22,500 per episode and by the ninth season they made $1 million per episode. 
Eminem’s mother sued him for $10M because he made offensive remarks about her in songs but she only received $1600. 
Don't plan on meeting them and taking shots! This celebrity does NOT drink alcohol  
There is an alarm clock named SnūzNLūz which donates some of your funds to charity everytime you hit the Snooze. 
There are GPS shoes available that will guide you home by simply clicking the heels together. 
During production, Toy Story 2 almost got wiped from the systems. The film was saved thanks to the director who took a copy home for kids. 
China, during the 2008 Olympics used airplanes, rocket launchers and anti aircrafts guns to stop rain by shooting chemicals into the clouds. 
There is a condition known as the White Coat Hypertension. It makes a patient’s blood pressure rise only while inside a doctor’s office. 
Yes it's weird, but these are REAL iPhone apps  
3 People stole the secret recipe of Coke and contacted Pepsi to sell it, Pepsi immediately informed the FBI and Coke about it. 
Hitler admired Henry Ford to a point where he would mention him in speeches, kept his pictures and gave him regular birthday presents. 
Hollywood stars actually sniff powdered vitamin B when you see them sniffing cocaine in the movies. 
There is Pink Kryptonite in Superman comics which actually makes Superman gay. 
Close to 70% of all humans have experienced the hypnic jerk, which is a falling sensation which wakes you up suddenly as you r almost asleep 
How eating chocolate can give you nice abs and a flat stomach  (#winning) 
Only in the United States of America, May is labeled as National Masturbation Month. 
As lemon juice is used to make invisible ink, a man tried to rob a bank thinking he was invisible by putting lemon juice on his face. 
No scientist has ever concluded that why a shower curtain blows on to you during shower. 
Beer is actually more nutritious than wine and it also keeps your arteries free of blockages. 
In many small towns, a testicle festival is celebrated. The main activity of the festival is to consume fried and battered testicles. 
"The notion that Playboy turns women into sex objects is ridiculous. Woman are sex objects.", said by Hugh Hefner in an interview. 
In order to treat female hysteria in 1800’s, doctors used to massage women’s genitals until they reached orgasm. 
In the start of every breeding season male ducks regrow new penis as it sheds off at the end of the season. 
KEO, the capsule that will be launched into space in 2014, is accepting personal messages. It is scheduled to return after 50,000 years. 
Did you know these celebrities were GAY?  
An island country named Niue, had picture of Pokemon's Pikachu on their currency in 2001. 
There is a condition known as Chryptorchidism in which one or both testicles are not in the scrotum. 
“One and only” was the name of a tortoise who lived through 3 centuries, born in 1750 and died in 2006, when it reached 250 years of age. 
Knowing this about alcohol might make you more aware when drinking so much  (crazy) 
Founder of Hershey's Chocolate, Milton Hershey and Kitty, his wife, would have been on Titanic if Kitty didn’t feel sick. 
"Gulabi gang" is the name of a gang of women in India, that on call beats up abusive husbands with brooms. 
A belly button might have more than fifty bacteria species living in it. 
If you smoke 20 cigarettes a day for a duration of three and a half years ten years are deducted from your life. 
Lil Wayne was just 15 when he had his first kid. 
Once Andre the Giant, in a hotel bar drank 127 beers and wasn't moved until he woke up after he passed out in the lobby because of his size. 
If you're a #90s kid, surely you remember this popular thing?  
The reason people don’t wake up when their house is on fire is because our sense of smell is off during sleep. 
P. Diddy was sued for $1 trillion by a woman named "Valerie Turks", also his ex, who claimed that he caused 9/11. 
At Googleplex, gay and lesbian employees are called ‘Gayglers’. 
The hottest selling product ever made is Rubik's cube, it outsold all iPhones combined, by 100 million units. 
Stuffed Kangaroo scrotums are used as a football by few Australian Aborigine clans. 
XBox, Wii, Playstation and all other game consoles are banned in China since 2000 but they are all made in china. 
On average, at least one suicide takes place every two weeks in the Golden Gate Bridge, making it the most popular place to commit suicide. 
These are the most creative Wi-Fi names ever  
The highest score made in a Soccer game was 149-0, one of the team started scoring own goals to protest against the referee's decision. 
In 1700, smoke was used to pump a person’s ass to revive them after they had drowned in water. 
If a line is drawn using chalk around ants they will never cross it. 
In Cameroon, girls’ breasts are “ironed” to make them less attractive and prevent them from getting harassed. 
Beer is almost as acidic as a vagina, which has a pH of about 4.5. 
Rumpology is a practice from ancient times where an individual reads a person’s butt just like the palm is read. 
Get all of the newest tips and tricks for iOS6 and the iPhone5!  
In almost 76 percent of their pictures on Facebook, British people are drunk. 
The flag of Canada on Parliament Hill is changed with a new flag everyday. The process costs the Canadian government 1 million each year. 
Among the 19 terrorists that attacked the World Trade Centre on September 11, 2001, not even a single one belonged to Iraq or Afghanistan. 
The votes are in; the top nicknames for the male "penis" are...  
Upon finding out about an affair his 96 year old wife had in 1940, a 99 year old man divorced his wife, ending a 77 year long marriage. 
90% of all people who use illegal drugs have an above average IQ level. 
Terence Koh, the Canadian based artist sold his own shit for $500,000. 
These aphrodisiacs will boost your mood and put you in the "sex" mind set. Bon appetite!  
Photic sneeze reflex is when you uncontrollably sneeze when exposed to bright light, the cause of which scientists are still unable to find 
Masutatsu Oyama fought and killed 52 bulls three died instantly with a single blow 49 others died from chopped horns using Karate techniques 
Phthalate, is a toxin found in plastics used in packing food items, that can shrink the size of a baby's penis if ingested during pregnancy. 
The growth of cancer cells can be slowed down by using marijuana. 
On the 28th of Oct' 2008, for only a day, Volkswagen became the world's most valuable company, with the market shares topping $370 billion. 
Before the 1940s, Pink was a masculine color and was preferred by boys, while blue was more of a feminine color. 
The human body is a WEIRD thing, but this takes the cake  
According to a psychologist, spending money gives happiness and a person feels happiest after spending it on others and rather on themselves 
Nicolas Cage had almost signed for famous roles like Willy Wonka, Aragorn, Superman 
Hirsutism is a condition in which women grow beard and hairs on their chest just like men. 
'Uvula' in our throats is known as ‘Nodo Chinko’ in Japanese, which if translated, literally means 'Throat Penis'. 
The total number of television sets in US have outnumbered the total population of US by 27 million. 
Beauty is conceived by a high level of symmetry; the more even your face, the more beautiful you appear! Examples:  
Greek used to believe in a god who was famous for having a immensely big erect penis. 
According to the constitution of the Ancient Sparta, homosexual mating was compulsory for the soldiers, to increase their efficiency. 
The first company to issue an ad into space was Doritos. The ad was sent out to possible aliens. 
Many cross cultural studies suggest that more educated people are more supportive towards gay marriages than less educated people. 
If a Wandering Spider (found in Brazil) bites a person, it can cause a serious erection that may lead to impotence in the victim. 
"Super Duper Titty Fruit" is actually a name of a fruit that look exactly like Cow's Udder. 
Baader Meinhof phenomenon is when a person learns a new word or phrase and sees that item many times right after learning it. 
WD40, the rust prevention spray has “40” in its name because the it took researchers 40 attempts to get the formula right. 
In the movie Thank You for Smoking, no person smokes a cigarette in the entire movie. 
Studies show that sex can actually make you better looking! This is how sex can make you beautiful  
The students of MIT have made a “Like a hug” vest which squeezes every time someone likes your Facebook activity. 
The best area to squeeze on a Heinz ketchup bottle to ensure smooth ketchup flow is where it says “57” 
In the game Assassin's Creed 3, all the victims, their location and time of death are inspired by the deaths of real people. 
In the game Assassin's Creed 3, all the victims, their location and time of death are inspired by the deaths of real people. 
Doing this will actually cause you to gain weight, and you probably don't even know it!  
Sesame Street’s famous character Snuffy was an imaginary friend of the Big Bird till the 17th season. 
Two boys, aged 9, sued Nintendo since they claimed that Pokemon made them gambling addicts. 
The largest pizza ever made in the world was able to feed nearly 100 people. 
You'll never believe what Dr. House (Hugh Laurie) did before acting!  
A man can literally kill his wife after childbirth by performing oral sex on her. 
A Korean man started his world journey on a cycle in 2001. He has been to 192 countries and is still on the go. 
A human in space without a space suit can only survive for 30 seconds to 2 minutes. 
Officials in New Zealand banned parents to name their kid “Yeah Detroit” but allowed a couple to call their child “Number 16 Bus Shelter” 
In an attempt to train dolphins to act like humans, a woman lived with a dolphin in a half flooded home for 2 weeks. 
The terms mass murder or genocide actually means killings 4 or more than 4 people. 
The votes are in; the top nicknames for the male "penis" are:  
Individuals with unpleasant moods are more attentive and critical of their surrounding environment than those who have happy moods. 
The word "fuck" was used first time in 1535, previously used as "Fukkit" since 1503. 
Originated from India, Kamasutra was written by Vatsyayan but he never had sex himself. 
In 1998, a man once broke into Steven Spielberg's, a movie director, house with a "rape kit" to rape him in front of his wife and kids. 
There is a 5K obstacle race course themed after zombies, in which people run for their lives. 
Einstein and Newton had been suffering from disorder called Asperger Syndrome which gives unusually advanced abilities in specific areas. 
Sheep have an amazing retaining ability. They can remember faces of humans and sheep for many years. 
White tea, green tea, and black tea all are leaves of the same plant, only chemically treated differently. 
Two minutes before an orgasm, the reward centres of the brain responsible for eating and drinking, become active. 
Oktoberfest: 18 days of BEER, every year:  
The most successful porn star of all time Jenna Jameson initially worked at Disneyland. 
Nearly 35 percent of the murders that take place in the United States go unsolved. 
Deep voice is considered as a sex appeal in men but deep voiced men actually tend to have lower sperm counts. 
Famous monument Statue of Liberty was first made to be placed in Egypt to celebrate the finalization of Suez Canal. 
If you make someone listen to his own voice during his/her speech it will completely shut him/her up. 
People tend to make faster real-life decisions when they play video games a lot more. 
Sweet potato fries, breakfast sandwiches made with waffles, and more fast food trends. Don't look if you're hungry!  
Boxer Sugar Ray dreamt of killing his opponent and backed out, but a priest convinced him to fight, he ended up killing the opponent. 
Personality psychology suggests that 3-5 years old girls’ and boys’ first crushes are their father and mother respectively. 
There is a UK based website selling wallets, belts and boots made completely out of HUMAN LEATHER. 
Officials in Dubai sent a man to serve 4 years in prison after he was charged for less than a grain of sugar worth of cocaine possession. 
Every 40 second a person kills himself and history shows the number of people who committed suicide is more than the ones killed in wars. 
Studies show these are the most badass shows on TV (includes: Breaking Bad, Walking Dead, & Mad Men) do you DVR these?  
Sleeping in a cold room increases chances of having a nightmare. The colder your room is, the better the chances you will have a nightmare. 
A man's penis was amputated by riding a lawnmower, doctors implanted it to patient's arm for 4 week before moving it to original place. 
You can buy green tea and soy sauce falovoured Kit Kat in Japan. 
In Sparta, for a marriage to be complete, the bride had to shave her head and dress up as a man and have sex with her groom. 
Being in love for a year helps in growing nerves, improves memory and the entire nervous system. 
In 1837, William Proctor and James Gamble (P&G) started a joint venture on advice of their mutual father in law, now worth $138.35 billion. 
In normal routines, our mind wander 30% of the time, but when relaxed like driving along an uncrowded highway, it could be as high as 70% 
In 1941, a junior high school basketball game ended at a score of 139-8 and all the points in the winning team were scored by Bob Harrison. 
The feeling you get when you think you’ve received a text message and actually haven’t is called Textaphrenia. 
Doing this could actually be causing you to gain weight!  
During his tours Freddie Mercury used to call back home just to talk to his cats. 
If sugar is applied on a cut, it will help in the healing process and will also stop the blood flow. 
Eating 25 pounds of chocolate in one sitting can get you high by triggering physical and psychological responses similar to marijuana. 
This rapper tops the all time hip hop sales charts... there's only one problem (he's dead)  
47% men look at a woman’s breasts first. 1/3rd of them notice their midriff while less than 1/5th take time to look at her face. 
The Nazi leader, Hitler, from 1942 until his death in 1945, was addicted to crystal meth. 
A study showed that when two strangers, a man and woman meet, the degree to which the female laughs showed her interest in the man. 
For almost 13 years from 1998 to 2010, Steve Jobs has been seen only wearing a black turtle neck, blue jeans and joggers. 
Kanakuri Shizō, a Japanese marathon runner took 54 years, 8 months, 6 days, 8 hours, 32 minutes & 20.3 seconds to complete the race. 
The psychological test results show symptoms of being in love very similar to severe OCD- Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. 
Nearly every early Mac produced by Apple had Steve Jobs’ signature engraved inside. 
Dr Seuss, an american cartoonist, in a picture book "Hop on Pop", for children tried to include the word "con-tra-cep-tive". 
Women can actually experience pregnancy symptoms just by thinking about it. This can cause morning sickness and increased belly size. 
After hearing the song “Kim” by Eminem, his wife, Kimberly, to whom the song was dedicated, slit her wrist. 
If you translate the German delicacy 'Bubespitzle' in English, it translates exactly to ‘boys penis’ 
The most disgusting viral video "2 girls 1 cup" is actually only a trailer of a proper porn movie "Hungry Bitches" 
The term ‘Muggles’ was actually a slang used in Jazz for Mary Jane. 
Geek was originally a name for any person who bit off a live chicken’s head in a circus performance. 
Stethoscopes were originally invented by doctors so they could stop from putting their ears against a woman’s boobs. 
The Biggest item ever purchased on internet was a $40 million Gulfstream Jet. 
The Chinese word ‘Shifu’ means master. This means that Master Shifu in Kung fu Panda is actually known as ‘Master Master’ 
Alexander the great had a fear of getting caught from his beard during the combats. 
The chart topping 'Umbrella' of Rihanna was first offered to Britney Spears, but her label did not accept this offer. 
In 1960's when Nintendo was a toy making company they introduced Lego knock off N&B Blocks and failed miserably. 
The watcher on Titanic, when it struck the iceberg, became the watcher of Olympic, Titanic’s sister ship. 
There exist a Patron saint for the Internet, computer users, computer technicians, computer programmers named as Isidore of Seville. 
The richest rapper in 2011  
At the age of 9, Drew Barrymore was already suffering from various alcoholic issues. 
The reason why clitoris (8000) is so sensitive to touch is that it has twice as many nerve fibres as the penis (4000). 
'Bugchasers' are those people who conduct sexual relationships with HIV+ individuals, just to get themselves HIV+ 
This was actually posted on a real church sign  
10^128 is the total number of possible moves in a game of chess and this number is bigger than the number of atoms present in the universe. 
Those who want a sex change in Brazil are considered as a constitutional right and are given free sex change operations. 
In the movie Armour of God, Jackie Chan actually landed on a hot air balloon after jumping from the plane. 
The response of God Bless You after a sneeze was originated from black plague, where sneezing was thought to be a symptom. 
To win one million yen prize a Japanese man stayed in a locked apartment, naked, for one year for a reality TV show. 
A film made to support anti pornography was banned because of the pornographic content it contained. 
This is an actual college class you can take, talk about ridiculous and easy. Sign me up  
More than 100 billion humans have inhabited the earth since the beginning. 
A brain gets in good shape by memorizing a song. 
A fully grown human has the same hair follicles as a chimp or gorilla of the same size. 
A fully grown human have the same hair follicles as a chimp or gorilla of the same size. 
Mensa accepted a 4 year girl who happens to have an IQ level just one point below that of Stephen Hawking and Albert Einstein. 
Ota Benga was an African slave who was put in a cage at Bronx Zoo for public display in 1906. 
This rapper tops the all time hip hop sales charts... there's only one problem (he's dead)  
To protect themselves from STDs, the Ancient Egyptians used cobra skins molted to form condoms. 
"Mondegreen" is a term used to describe when you misheard lyrics of a song. 
In United States, October 4th has been celebrated as National Vodka Day "The Water of Life". 
In ancient Athens, if a person commit suicide without the approval of state he is hung or thrown on a garbage heap. 
50 Cent got himself arrested in high school. He was found selling crack. 
"Lonely Death" is a growing phenomena in Japan in which people die alone in their homes, undiscovered for long periods. 
Just to buy an iPhone and iPad 2, a Chinese student aged 17 sold his one kidney. 
An Indian man claimed that he has not been eating or drinking for past 70 years and scientists still haven't proved him wrong. 
There exists 30 people who can fluently speak Klingon, the alien language used in the Star Trek series. 
Mila Kunis is actually from Ukraine and started acting at age 9. (P.S. she's super hot in these pics, too)  
In 1836 condoms were advertised as wash-and-wear and a person needed the help of doctor to get it fit properly. 
There is a marathon in which a horse competes against a man. In 2004, a horse actually lost to a man. 
In the past, lemon halves were used as diaphragm to prevent pregnancy in various cultures. 
Making this simple change to your diet can increase your sex life  
"Whole stuffed camel" is the largest item on any menu in the world, served at the weddings of Arabs. 
There are reports of people ingesting crystal meth through vagina or rectum to enhance the sexual pleasure. 
To help them communicate better, couples were given ecstasy during marriage counseling in 1970s. 
With just its PENIS, the 'water boatman', a flea-sized aquatic insect, can chirp as loud as the sound of a lawnmower! 
A study at Stanford University showed that when we hide a secret from someone, we actually perceive it as a "physical burden"! 
In the Star Wars series no name has been given to Yoda's species although the Star Wars universe is very deep and complicated. 
This kid started a furniture company online at age 14 and now does $50 million a year in sales!  
In the game "Super Mario Bros", the bushes that you could see on the screen were just green colored clouds! 
In the Canary Islands, there is a language consisting of just whistles. This language has over 4,000 words. 
Throughout history, all the cases in which Mass Hysteria broke out, are exclusive to women. 
The Japanese passenger who survived the titanic crash was marked as a coward by his country for not dying with the other passengers. 
If a person walks around his or her house with blindfolds, their memory will increase, along with reasoning abilities & motor skills. 
According to a British superstition, saying Rabbit, Rabbit, Rabbit right after waking up on the morning of the 1st of the month, bring luck. 
Bill Gates has donated more than half of his net wealth $61 billion. This was calculated to be $36,854,000,000. 
During the trial of Elva Zona Heaster in 1897, a testimony from a ghost was accepted. 
In 1977 a tourist from West Germany thought Bangor, Maine was San Francisco and looked for the Golden Gate bridge for 4 days. 
"Wet Goddess" was a book written by Malcolm Brenner, in which he talked about a sexual relationship with a dolphin. 
You can't say the letters B, M or P without letting your lips touch each other. 
The children resulting from when whales and dolphins have sex are called wholphins. 
Tetris is a game, which if played for 30 minutes a day, can make one smarter. 
When travelling by plane, if you leave Tokyo at 7am, you will arrive at Honolulu at 7.45pm of the previous date. 
If you mix a drop of lemon juice with 129,000 drops of water, your tongue will still be able to detect the taste of lemon. 
The term 'dude' was derived from the words 'duds' and 'attitude' and was created by Oscar Wilde and his friends. 
This celebrity is straight, but they have a gay sibling!>>  
Osama Bin Laden’s label of top wanted man in the world has been replaced by Eric Justin Toth, child pornographer. 
It took twelve years for Leonardo Da Vinci to finish painting Mona Lisa's lips till he thought they were right. 
The scariest pirate most of us haven't heard about was a woman from China. 
An app that lets you estimate your blood alcohol content when drinking? Count me in!>>  
Patients of depression have a more correct perception of reality and appear to be more realistic then those with normal minds. 
Isles of Scilly and Netherlands were in a state of war for 335 years. Though, not even one shot was fired. 
A guy named Ioannis Ikonomou, was able to speak 32 languages fluently. 
Rapists were set free in Italy if they married the person they raped. 
During WW2, Hitler wanted to build a 1500 ton tank which could carry over 100 men and named it Landkreuzer P 1500 Monster. 
The watcher who first saw the iceberg, which Titanic collided with, survived but took his life 53 years later by suicide. 
If you see this on Facebook, avoid it! These are the most common scams and viruses  
The world's most venomous living creature, Box Jellyfish has 24 eyes and 4 brains. 
In his free time German leader Adolf Hitler liked to watch King Kong (1933) and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937). 
Donkey Burger is a popular delicacy in China because they believe "In Heaven there is dragon meat, on Earth there is donkey meat". 
While eating McDonald’s burger, a man found a condom back in 1995. 
55 hours was the duration which the first marriage of pop star Britney Spears lasted for. 
The movies Alpha Dog, 127 Hours, & The Alamo were supposedly based on true stories, but this part was actually made up!  
In United States, since 1994 the sales of antidepressant and anti anxiety drugs has increased 400%. 
In 13th century, Khutulun, a warrior princess wanted to only marry the person who would defeat her in a wrestling match, 100 men failed. 
Not sleeping for 22 hours straight can slow down a human’s response time more than how much 4 alcohol drinks can. 
The actor playing the Iron Man, Robert Downey Jr, in 2004 released a music album named the Futurist. 
A flame can be extinguished by a powerful song. However, scientists don’t understand how. 
Urine was once used as a chemical in the making of Gunpowder. 
Mother of Charles Manson once sold her son for a pitcher of beer when he was a kid. 
A man died in Nigeria when his 5 wives, jealous of each other, raped him on knife point. 
After a transgender was crowned Miss Canada, Miss Universe has altered its rules and now allows transgender to compete. 
Not only was Marilyn Monroe a legendary icon, look how hot she was!  
J.P.Morgan Bank has an exclusive NO limit card, 'Palladium Card' and it is made of 1 ounce of Palladium and 24K Gold. 
In Thailand, there are human zoos that exhibit humans with some irregularity such as a long neck etc. 
There exist a few roads in Japan called the Melody Roads that when a car drives over them play the song "Memories of Summer". 
You should never drink & drive, but if you're ever matched up against a breathalyzer, you should know this  
A study reveals that kissing your spouse good-bye before leaving the home in the morning, can increase the amount of money you make. 
In america there are 6x more people holding active hunting licenses than people holding active military licenses in China. 
A train ran over and killed a couple from South Africa while they were having sex on the tracks. 
The reason why Hitler kept a moustache was because he thought his nose looked big without it. 
When he was 12 years old, Justin shaved his entire head for a friend suffering from cancer. He did not want him to feel alone. 
The Hollywood sign in 1987 was changed to "Hollyweed" by some hippies to encourage the loosening of marijuana laws. 
President Obama is a real joker, he actually said these funny lines in public during his speeches  
Candy Apples, a woman, planned to have sex with 2000 males & perform the last sex act on her fiancé. Police stopped her at 734th. 
The american actress Mila Kunis has a condition called heterochromia in which a person has two different coloured eyes. 
Flutterby was the original name of what we now know as the butterfly. 
In the 1970s there was a case reported in which a child was tied to a potty chair for 10 years. 
Chuck Norris occasionally volunteers as a cop, he has helped in some of the most notorious police raids. 
In medieval times in France, women were made to chase a chicken through the town while being naked, as punishment for adultery! 
All the 'Pokemon professors' - people who are experts on the Pokemon world - have names that are named after trees! 
The chances of surviving a plane crash if you're sitting near the tail are 40% more than if you're sitting in the front. 
666 is perceived to be the Number of the Beast according to the Bible but it may actually be 616. 
Almost 1 out of every 5 women around the world suffer from inverted nipples. 
American comedian, Ben Stiller was addicted to M&Ms and attended hypnotherapy to treat the addiction. He used to eat A POUND OF M&Ms a day. 
In 1776, the slogan printed on American currency was "Mind your business". 
25% of the total population of world daydreams about having sex at any given time of the day. 
Having large penises was thought to be funny in the Ancient Greek times. 
The highest IQ’s to have ever been noted down in time are of women’s 
In 1898, a car break the world record for the fastest moving man made object on earth with the speed of just 39.24 mph. 
If you knew this about alcohol, you'd think twice about drinking so much!  
Drinking habits and smartness are directly proportional in women; the smarter they are, the bigger drinkers they ought to be. 
The astronauts from Apollo Mission were isolated and kept for check up for 21 days to make sure they weren't infected by an alien virus. 
The first to come up with products like bikini and the tampon for women, were men. 
Each of these celebrities have a sex tape floating around!  
A wife in Texas, killed her husband unknowingly, by pouring 3 litres of alcohol into his ass. 
Only pregnant female mosquitoes feed on blood, while the male mosquitoes never feed on anything other than nectar or fruit juice. 
The color Pink does not actually exist in the universe, it is basically white light without the green color. 
Stories abt the end of the world fascinate us because human mind doesn't have the ability to accept that there is going to be an apocalypse. 
The third co founder of Apple, Ronald Wayne, in 1976 sold his shares in the company for $2400 and is currently selling stamps in Nevada. 
A man got out of bed, drove to his inlaws' house and killed his father and mother in law while sleepwalking! Court declared him innocent. 
Studies show, men find THIS sexy about women the most  
Before writing the character for Tom Hanks in "Cast away", its screenwriter spent 7 days on an isolated beach just to get the feel of it. 
Sex is known to be much more effective to put you to sleep than your average sleeping pill. 
Mafia II is the video game with the most swearing ever, using the word "fuck" 200 times. 
Having sex has three times as much effect of relieving pain from a usual morphine dose. 
The English word with most synonyms is “drunk", having more than 353 words that can be used in its place. 
These giant stone balls cannot be explained  
Smoking causes wrinkles. People who smoke tend to have 10 times more wrinkles than those who do not. 
Sweaty feet and cheese smells alike because the bacteria used in making strong smelled cheese is the same one found on human feet. 
Spermidine, a molecule found in human sperm and grapefruits, when fed to worms, fruit flies and yeast can increase their lifespan. 
The world's top 10 most intelligent and sophisticated computers run on LINUX. 
In the year 2112, Facebook will have profiles of 750 million dead people. 
Disney, during the WWII made an animated short film “ Education for Death” to show the children in the US about Nazi life. 
Studies show that most people lose around half of their friends every seven years and replace them with new friends! 
A recent research concluded that the average age of heavy drinkers is higher than that of nondrinkers. 
Female Snub-nosed monkeys make eye contact with a male and show their genitals. If the male is interested, they have sex. 
This is what your favorite celebrity looks like, without make-up!  
The first item ever sold on Internet was a pepperoni pizza from Pizza Hut. 
Kissing activates many mechanisms in the brain that help to lower stress levels and boost mood. 
In late 18th century there was a professional farter who could mimic cannon fire, thunderstorms, and play short tunes by simply farting. 
This is what President Obama and Megan Fox used to look like, back in the day  
Many people have been known to believe the conspiracy theory that Michael Jackson and his sister Latoya Jackson are the same persons! 
The famous Golden Gun from the James Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun" was stolen in 2004 and is still missing. 
Being nauseous or blacking out when you suddenly stand up, is a condition called Postural Hypotension. 
During the medieval time in Europe it was believed that cotton grew on trees that produced living lambs on its branches. 
The reason you struggle to fall asleep sometimes is because your brain doesn't shut off. 
Annually the drugs prescribed by the doctors kill more than 6 times the number of people than the ones killed in 9/11 in the US. 
Flip flops and panties with bottle openers? I'll take one of each of these  
7000 brain cells die every day as a human ages, but having regular sex may help build new ones. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger, when serving in the Austrian army had a portable gym inside his tank. 
Oxytocin, or the 'Cuddle Hormone' lowers defences in women during sex and makes them trust their partners. 
A research showed that an average dog has the intellect of a 2 year old child and can understand up to 250 words and gestures. 
Annually, almost four people lose their lives while trying to change their pants. 
The world's oldest backpacker is 89 years old and has been travelling around the world for the last 30 years. 
If a man has sex twice a week for 40 yrs, the combined time for his orgasms would be less than 3 hrs of his lifetime. 
More people have set foot on the moon than have been under sea below a depth of 240 meters. 
Every second, the human mind deals with 40,000,000 pieces of information but only 40 of those make it to our conscious brains. 
The world record for staying up for the longest time and keeping the reflexes alert was made by a 17 year old boy of 11 days. 
Glycoprotein and selenium is found in human semen which helps reduce breast cancer in women by almost 50%. 
In 1893 the problem of whether tomato is a fruit or a vegetable was registered in the US Supreme Court. 
A single sneeze is capable of giving at least 150 a case of the common cold. 
Knowing this about breathalyzers could save you from a DUI one day  
In 2005, a man filed a lawsuit of $67 million against a dry cleaning company over a lost pair of trousers. 
‘Edible Canada’, a restaurant in Vancouver has disallowed all male customers from peeing while standing up. 
There are 9 different ways in which "ough" can be pronounced: rough, dough, ploughman, Scarborough, slough, coughed and hiccoughed. 
A very rare condition known as Hematidrosis takes place when a person faces extreme levels of stress. This results in the sweating of blood! 
Female circumcision (removal of clitoris) is done on 91% of Egyptian women between the age of 15-49 years. 
A recent study showed that a sexual arousal in women causes numbness of the nervous system so they are unable to feel pain. 
Here's how eating chocolate can help you get a flat stomach  
According to American Psychology Association, there is a gene which turns people gay and lesbian and it s not a matter of choice. 
Kama Sutra originated in India but if you would sell a sex toy or use one in india, you could get jailed for 2 years! 
"Vanity sizing" is a technique used by clothing brands by labeling clothes to a smaller size than the actual to make buyers feel thin. 
The number of possible combinations in a game of chess is more than the total number of atoms in the known universe. 
A Dutch man at the age of 32 began a free "baby making" service and in 9 years time he has 82 children spread around the globe. 
There is a park in Arkansas USA called the Crater of Diamonds that lets you keep any naturally occurring diamond you find. 
Parrotfish has an ability to spontaneously change its gender from female to male. 
Famous Disney character Goofy had a wife, but she died. 
Lieserl Einstein was the name of the Einstein's daughter, of whom, after first year of her birth, no one knows what happened. 
Statistically speaking (reviews & critic ratings) this is the worst movie of all time  
Asparagus makes your urine attractive to fish. So if you pee in the river after eating it, more fish will gather around you. 
The commonly used duct tape was originally called "duck tape". 
Semen absorbed by the vagina can work as an antidepressant. 
In 1960, the first black American who won the Olympic gold medal in marathon ran the race barefooted because he couldn't afford the shoes. 
Having a pair of identical breasts was important for women to qualify for the civil service in the province, Hunan, in Southern China. 
In 1960s, monthly copy of Playboy magazine were regularly provided to the FBI agents. 
If you don’t close the lid of your toilet before you flush, it’ll turn into an enormous spray of fecal aerosol. 
In India a 78 year old man spent 22 years to hand carve a 1km road through the hills to allow his villagers an easy acess to a nearby doctor 
As the Aztecs had no clue what sugar was, they used hot chili peppers and various other spices to flavor chocolates. 
Studies show these are the top non-sexual ways to turn a woman on!  
A psychological survey showed that people usually buy products from brands that use the same alphabets as their names. 
An onion rubbed on your feet will be tasted within the next 30-60 minutes. This is because your bloodstream carries it to your tongue. 
In the US, 27 members of the House of Representatives and 1 member of the Senate are only high school graduates. 
There is a village in France that does not allow its residents to die! 
If the Chernobyl disaster happened again the effects would be 10 times worse than Hiroshima's and would finish half of Europe. 
Every person in the world will shake hands with six people annually who’ve recently masturbated and haven’t cleaned up. 
Nintendo Wii is also offered for rent along with the hourly room charges in Japanese sex hotels. 
If you eat these foods, they'll put you in the mood for sex!  
All cows in the world have different patterns of spots and not a single one has them identical to another. 
In 1903, England, there was a man who got trapped for 3 days under his 224 lbs wife, after she fell on top of him from the stairs and died. 
Ancient Egyptians invented the world's first VIBRATOR by putting the buzzing insects in a small metal container. 
Stubby was the dog who was promoted to sergeant in the US Army after he successfully located and captured a German spy during WWI. 
You can improve your alertness for up to 10 hours by taking a nap for 60 minutes! 
"The Bloody Countess" was a title of Elizabeth Báthory as she killed people so that she could bath in their blood to retain her beauty. 
Don't plan on taking shots with this celebrity, surprisingly, they don't drink alcohol!  
You are 2.5 times more likely to die of a heart attack or stroke if you’re a regular complainer of being bored. 
In 1814, there was a beer flood in London when a tank containing 300,000 gallons ruptured in which 7 people drowned. 
Female Facebook users are more likely to suffer from depression and are also known to be unhappy with their lives. 
In the novel Lord of The Rings, Frodo Baggins was actually 33 years old when he started his journey which continued for 17 years. 
You only use 35% of your brain when you are thinking hard. 
These are the healthiest foods for you on the entire planet!  
A 62-year old man with impaired vision and hearing got struck by lightning and when he woke up the next day, he could hear and see! 
If you curse, people will remember what you say more, as swearing directly affect the emotions of the listener more than normal words! 
These celebrities have all have confirmed sex tapes floating around  
Attempting to commit suicide was once considered illegal in England, and was ironically punishable by death! 
Sexually frustrated people are considered more likely to rip and tear the labels off of soft drink and beer bottles. 
Saliva contains substances that fight bacteria, viruses and fungi. So, kissing frequently can help fight bad breath and avoid tooth decay! 
China's richest man with a worth of US $21.8 billion, Zong Qinghou, eats the same meals as his workers and lives on only $20 a day! 
Flip flops and panties... with bottle openers? Sounds like a party! I'll take one of each of these  
In 1920s, a dog waited for 9 years after the death of his master outside the train station every morning until he himself passed away. 
After her death, the former husband of Marilyn Monroe, Joe DiMaggio, had fresh roses delivered to her crypt 3 times a week for 20 years! 
The new iPhone 5 has an 8 megapixel camera, while the human eye possesses the quality of a 576 megapixel camera! 
An American pornographic actress, Lisa Sparxxx, holds the world record for having sex with the most guys (919) in a single day! 
200 cases in the last 300 years have been reported of spontaneous human combustion, when a person bursts into flame for no apparent reason. 
College kids + alcohol + biggest party school =  
"Nigger Corner" is the name of an actual place in Jamaica. 
In Northwestern China, archaeologists found a 2700 year old body of blue-eyed Caucasian buried along with 789 grams of marijuana. 
The way we think, our mood, or even our perception about world can be altered by music. 
Statistically speaking (ratings and critic reviews) this is the worst movie of all time  
A "dear friend" of Gandhi's once received a letter from him in which Gandhi pleaded for him not to go to war. That friend was Hitler. 
To keep girls from having sex, the 'Little Red Riding Hood' fairytale was written, using the 'big bad wolf' as a metaphor for a penis! 
The white skin originated only 6000 thousand years ago, prior to which all humans were black. 
The national debt increases by nearly $4 billion dollars a day! Probably because they spend on things like this!  
A doctor intentionally overdosed himself on cocaine just to write down the last minute experience of the drug before death. 
In China a man spent 50 years of his life to carve 6000 steps in a mountain just so that his wife could walk easily. 
Close to 70% of all humans have experienced the hypnic jerk, which is a falling sensation which wakes you up suddenly as you r almost asleep 
The Oxford dictionary now officially includes the words 'chillax' and 'whatevs'. 
Studies have shown that if you over think you tend to end up creating problems for yourself which weren't there in the first place. 
Most men have an erection about every hour to hour and a half during sleep. Here's why  
Rhotacism is a speech problem in which a person is unable to pronounce ”R's” and speak "W's" instead. 
France, UK and USA formed a fake army with inflatable vehicles, communications and headquarters to confuse the Germans in WWII. 
An iPod has almost 256 billion transistor which is almost 2.5 times more than the neurons (100 billion) present in human brain. 
In NWFP, Pakistan in the Anglo-Afghan Wars, seized British Soldiers were killed by making women urinate in their mouths until they drowned 
Yes, this is an actual real major in school and you can get a degree in it. I bet it's not very popular  
XBox, Wii, Playstation and all other game consoles are banned in China since 2000 but they are all made in china. 
If you have dreams regularly...  
The hottest selling product ever made is Rubik's cube, it outsold all iPhones combined, by 100 million units. 
Beer is actually more nutritious than wine and it also keeps your arteries free of blockages. 
Elvis Presley on finding out about his wife's affair, forcefully had sex with her and said "This is how a real man makes love to his woman" 
Elvis Presley on finding out about her wife's affair, forcefully had sex with her and said "This is how a real man makes love to his woman" 
One can hire a girlfriend on Facebook and get them to write anything on your wall for only $5. 
"Gloomy Sunday" was a song released in 1933 and 19 people committed suicide after listening to it. 
There was a man named Carl Tanzler who was in love with an ill woman and after her death, kept her body in his home for 7 years. 
Think Marijuana should be legalized? I bet you didn't know this about weed  
Inspired by an episode of Pokemon series showing a device which triggered fits, the US Army is making a gun that induces seizers in enemy. 
Paprika made from red peppers is extremely rich in vitamin C, even more than lemons. 
"Maple Syrup Urine Disease" is a medical disorder found in babies in which their urine smells of maple syrup. 
There are GPS shoes available that will guide you home by simply clicking the heels together. 
To ensure that a pope has really died, it is a tradition to strike his head with a hammer thrice. 
Sherly Crow, Wanda Sykes, and Christina Applegate all survived this deadly disease!  
The green colour of the Incredible Hulk was a printing fault which was actually submitted in grey colour for printing. 
Every third person in North Korea is a soldier making it the largest military reserve in the world (8.2 million). 
According to the law of 21 states in the US, employers can refuse to give jobs to people who smoke or use tobacco products. 
The correct plural of penis is "Penes" not penises in English language. 
This stealth app makes it where when a certain people call/text, it doesn't show until you pull the app up!  
And the top selling rapper of all time is... (take a guess first, don't cheat)  
"Gulabi gang" is the name of a gang of women in India, that on call beats up abusive husbands with brooms. 
In some countries McDonald's have been selling Big Macs with four meat patties. 
Insbot is a robotic cockroach, designed by scientists that could communicate and influence the activities of real cockroaches. 
Now electronics giant Samsung, started its business by selling noodles in 1938. 
Think Marijuana should be legalized? I bet you didn't know this about weed  
The civil war insurgents in Nigeria, in 1967 took a 48 hours break just to a watch Pele play in a football match. 
There is a phobia, known as the Jonah Complex in which a person has a fear of success that stops him/her from realizing his/her potential. 
Hollywood stars actually sniff powdered vitamin B when you see them sniffing cocaine in the movies. 
In the start of every breeding season male ducks regrow new penis as it sheds off at the end of the season. 
Over thinking is one of the major causes of obesity among humans. 
This is what your favorite celebrity looks like... without the help of their make-up artist!  
If men get erection for a very long time it can be dangerous, painful and also it might have to be cut off. 
According to the story of creation in Greek mythology, women are sent to earth as a punishment for disobedience. 
A country named Ladonia has national anthem which is just a sound produced by throwing stone in the water. 
If you have dreams regularly...  
The highest score made in a Soccer game was 149-0, one of the team started scoring own goals to protest against the referee's decision. 
The area code for NASA and the surrounding areas is 321 because it sounds like the countdown before rocket's liftoff. 
China, during the 2008 Olympics used airplanes, rocket launchers and anti aircrafts guns to stop rain by shooting chemicals into the clouds. 
Steven Spielberg, Salma Hayek, and Tom Cruise all have been diagnosed with this learning disability!  
Queen Elizabeth II loves to play games so much that a game company gifted her a gold plated Nintendo Wii. 
The Beatles have taken the Apple Inc to court many times for copyright infringements and won almost $50 million so far in total. 
United States spent $2 million on an experimental weapons during the WWII to destroy Japan using bats, named Bat Bombs. 
You'll never catch this celebrity with a beer or glass of wine, they don't drink!  
“One and only” was the name of a tortoise who lived through 3 centuries, born in 1750 and died in 2006, when it reached 250 years of age. 
Brain surgery is performed on people while they are wide awake as the human brain has no pain receptors resulting in them feeling no pain. 
There is a Japanese Ryukyuan god of the Toilet who resides in a bathroom and goes back to home on every New Year. 
Gaslighting, a type of psychological abuse in which the victim is fed with so much false information that he starts to doubt his own memory. 
These college drop-outs are all billionaires  $$$$! 
In China a man spent 50 years of his life to carve 6000 steps in a mountain just so that his wife could walk easily. 
Aghori, a sect of hinduism which performs a chain of cannibalistic acts, consumes the urine, feces and remains of the dead. 
As lemon juice is used to make invisible ink, a man tried to rob a bank thinking he was invisible by putting lemon juice on his face. 
"Freedom of the City of London" was awarded to J.K. Rowling in 2012 giving her the right to bring cattle and sheep herds on London Bridge. 
In 1956, IBM introduced the first computer with a hard disk (4.4MB) at the price of $35,000 per year. 
These celebrities have all been diagnosed with bipolar disorder  
A doctor intentionally overdosed himself on cocaine just to write down the last minute experience of the drug before death. 
According to the law of New York State, adultery is a crime, you can get 90 days of imprisonment along with $ 500 fine. 
Ken Jennings is the biggest Jeopardy winner ever, with a total win of $3,773,414.29. More money>>  
People have seen crows of urban areas collect nuts and then put them on the road for a car to come and crack them open. 
The Nazi doctors invented a drug which made the soldiers march around 55 miles without a break after which they died. 
Celaenia excavata is a spider that camouflage itself as birds shit to hide from the birds. 
"Münchausen by Internet" is a personality disorder in which internet users pretend to be ill to gain attention of others. 
3 People stole the secret recipe of Coke and contacted Pepsi to sell it, Pepsi immediately informed the FBI and Coke about it. 
Around a 100 billionaires, worldwide have signed 'the giving pledge' in which they promise to give away half of their wealth to the needy. 
A serial killer tried to turn his victims into zombies for sexual pleasure by drilling holes and injecting drugs in the brains. 
There is a program on German television which teaches the teenagers "How to hide a boner." 
Make sure mom & dad aren't in the room, awkward! Counting down the BEST nude scenes of all time  
The weight of a simple white puffy cloud is around 200,000 lbs and a hurricane cloud can weigh even more than 100,000,000 lbs. 
Humans can turn into zombies because mind and body is two different entities, according to the concept of Dualism. 
Once Andre the Giant, in a hotel bar drank 127 beers and wasn't moved until he woke up after he passed out in the lobby because of his size. 
The African tribe of Wodaabe has a mating season in which everyone including married couples are allowed to have sex with anyone they want. 
King Richard I of England was unable to speak English language and spent only 6 months from his total reign of 10 years in England. 
These celebrities are loud and proud about being gay, and they're some of our favorite celebs!  
The Toraja people in Indonesia, in august every year take out their dead from the coffins, groom them and take them around the village. 
In 2008, a lawsuit was filed against the harmful activities of God in the US. 
An island country named Niue, had picture of Pokemon's Pikachu on their currency in 2001. 
During WWI Hitler lost one of his testicles in a battle. 
Falling? Being chased? Naked in your dreams? Here's what your dreams mean  
A woman from UK named Donna Griffiths had a sneezing fit that lasted for 978 days. 
The part of brain which reacts during physical injury also react the same way during loneliness. 
Penelope Cruz made a nude appearance in an erotic French TV show “Série rose” when she was only 17 years old. 
Think that Roberta Close is a smoking hot Brazilian model? Take a look, HE is in fact a beautiful female model  
If a line is drawn using chalk around ants they will never cross it. 
A beauty contest is organized in Russia to choose their 'Miss Russian Army'. 
The actual age of the character of Aragon in the Lord Of The Ring movies is 87 years. 
In 1885 a "milkshake" used to consist of whiskey and flavorings in place of ice cream. Then in 1922 Walgreens did this  
90% of all people who use illegal drugs have an above average IQ level. 
The punishment of cutting off someone's beard was more severe than cutting their finger in medieval Russia. 
Based on your Zodiac sign, this is the sign you should be dating  
During the attack on the WTC, a person survived even though the wing of the plane just landed 20 ft away from him. 
Jim Carey and Russell Brand actually suffer from bipolar disorder. Also, it's no surprise this pop star does too  
A Japanese artist got his genitals removed, cooked them and 5 people ordered the dish for $250 each. 
The international standard size of condom is too large for 50% of the Indian male population. 
After eating Frankenberry cereal you would excrete pink stool. 
In Iran, there are surgical procedures to cure the homosexuality. 
You know what Paris Hilton looks like now, but here's what she look liked throughout the years... still hot!  
Including 2Pac, there are only 5 artist who ever had 2 studio albums debut at #1 in the same year. 
Twins that are joined from the head are able to feel each others orgasms. 
Restless Genital Syndrome is a condition in which women encounter spontaneous uncontrollable sexual arousal without any reason. 
Teledildonics are the new generation of sex toys completely controlled by computers to make cybersex realistic. 
"Nothing" was an early slang term for "Vagina", used as a woman having "nothing" between her legs. 
William Taft and George Bush are both members of this Yale secret society  
According to Greek mythology, Zeus once impregnated a woman after seducing her in the form of a golden shower. 
Africa has almost 115 million French speaking people, making it the continent with the most French-speakers. 
Koolickle is a pickle made from cucumber after soaking it in Kool-Aid. 
This is where Paris Hilton says she LOVES to party  
The name of Jean Claude Van Damme's first movie character was Gay Karate Man. 
There is an alarm clock named SnūzNLūz which donates some of your funds to charity everytime you hit the Snooze. 
In almost 76 percent of their pictures on Facebook, British people are drunk. 
Jimi Heselden, the owner of Segway Inc. died by riding on his Segway. 
One shouldn't brush the teeth after vomiting because the acid from the stomach weakens the teeth enamel. 
One of the most hated men in the world, Adolf Hitler had 42 known assassination attempts on his life! 
Studies have suggested that almost 3 out of every 4 apologies by people are actually fake and meaningless! 
Attention Sir Mix A Lot, Beyonce released her actual measurements and I think you'll be pleased:  
A woman named Kylee Hodgson gave birth to two twins in 2005, one was black and the other one white. 
The ashes of Sid Vicious, a musician from the band Sex Pistols, were spread over his girlfriend's grave. 
There is a 42 year old, Russian woman who can lift up to 14 kg of weight with her vagina. 
During childhood, Eminem was very introvert in school and thus had difficulty in making friends. 
Studies show, these are the things that men find sexiest about women >>  
If you smoke 20 cigarettes a day for a duration of three and a half years ten years are deducted from your life. 
Studies have shown that even the mere anticipation of an interaction with a woman can slow a man's thinking process temporarily! 
Out of all the people surveyed while working a job, 17% of men admitted to having being sexually harassed at work. 
The chances of someone believing what you say increase if you whisper it to them! 
It is believed by many that feeding an 'Alka-Seltzer' to a seagull will cause its stomach to explode, but it still hasn't been proved. 
It's impossible to dream and snore at the same time! But the average person STILL dreams this many times per night:  
This school parties more than any other school... grab a 12 pack and go here!  
Almost 4 out of 5 people judge other people on social networks on the basis of their profile pictures! 
Sex toy tester is actually a job that you can get and make money off of while, enjoying! 
Beer is almost as acidic as a vagina, which has a pH of about 4.5. 
Close to 70% of all humans have experienced the hypnic jerk, which is a falling sensation which wakes you up suddenly as you r almost asleep 
About 400,000 men are ejaculating at any given point in time, even as you read this tweet! 
Around the world, about 9 billion condoms are used in the duration of just one year! 
In Australia, there exists a place called "Burning" or "Wingen" mountain where a coal fire has been burning for more than 5,000 years! 
About 98% of a jellyfish is water, which is why they actually evaporate when exposed to the sun! 
P. Diddy was sued for $1 trillion by a woman named "Valerie Turks", also his ex, who claimed that he caused 9/11. 
There exists a rare medical condition among men which enables them to actually breastfeed babies! 
Mila Kunis is actually from Ukraine and moved to Los Angeles at 7, started acting at age 9. She looks SMOKING hot here:  
A four year old child asks about 500 questions in total over the span of an average day. 
The Oxford dictionary now officially includes the words 'chillax' and 'whatevs'. 
When angry, about 4 out of every 5 people start to text faster than when they're not. 
These celebrities REFUSE to drink alcohol... you would never have guessed who made the list  
At a McDonald's convention in 2004, the CEO of McDonald's at that time died because of a heart attack. 
After crying, about 8 out of 10 people say that they actually feel better than they did before! 
After writing an 80,000 word thesis on SMS messaging, a woman named Caroline Tagg received a PhD in text messaging! 
All babies have blue eyes at the time of their birth and they change color later on! 
Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, & James Cameron are all worth billions, yet they're college dropouts! See why  
Studies have shown that if you over think you tend to end up creating problems for yourself which weren't there in the first place. 
"The notion that Playboy turns women into sex objects is ridiculous. Woman are sex objects.", said by Hugh Hefner in an interview. 
Less people in the world have access to a decent toilet compared to having a cell phone! 
Toy Story 3, from the Pixar animation movie series, contains 302 characters in total! 
Even though only 10% of the Indian population has access to Internet, its still ranked the 3rd country with most Internet users. 
Mila Kunis is actually from Ukraine and moved to Los Angeles at 7, started acting at age 9. She looks SMOKING hot here  
Pink triangle, the international symbol of gay pride has its roots in the Nazi concentration camp badge system. 
Inés Ramírez, from Mexico, successfully performed a cesarean on herself by consuming a few shots of alcohol as anesthesia. 
Scientists believe that for every one person alive on this earth today, there exists around 24 galaxies in the universe. 
Among the 19 terrorists that attacked the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, not even a single one belonged to Iraq or Afghanistan. 
Attention drinkers, studies show that these are the top signs of alcoholism:  
Out of all the Hollywood movies ever made, only 5 percent are directed by women. 
The Nazi leader, Hitler and the founder of the Ford Motor Company, Henry Ford, kept framed photos of each other on their desk. 
It is reported that on his deathbed, Newton has admitted that he was a virgin. 
A marriage proposal in ancient Greek times consisted of actually throwing an apple to a woman! 
Pearl Jam wasn't always Pearl Jam, they actually used to be named after this NBA player's name!  
Couples who have a TV in their bedroom have about half the amount of sex than couples who don't have one! 
Men find these things EXTREMELY sexy about women!  
It is believed that sailors started wearing earrings so that if they died in foreign lands, the earrings could pay for their funerals! 
There is a soy-based food product available, textured and flavored according to the consistency and taste of human flesh. 
George Foreman, an American boxer, had 11 children, out of whom 5 were sons, all of them named “George”. 
In 1919, 21 people died in molasses flood after a tank containing 8.7 million liter molasses exploded. 
In 2009, the total population of North Korea was almost 24 million out of which only 605 were internet users. 
If you dream when you sleep, this is what each type of dream means  
Cluster headaches, considered to be the most painful medical condition are so severe that sufferers sometime commit suicide. 
Galileo Galilei's right hand middle finger is on display at the Museo Galileo in Florence. 
An American pornographic actress, Lisa Sparxxx, holds the world record for having sex with the most guys ( 919) in a single day! 
After visiting a priest, Snoop Dogg changed his name to Snoop Lion and he stop singing rap songs. 
This is what she looks like, without make-up  #sp 
9 out of 10 times that the abbreviation "lol" is used by anyone, they aren't really laughing out loud! 
At the age of 5 years, Lina Medina became the youngest confirmed mother in medical history in the late 1930's! 
The way we think, our mood, or even our perception about world can be altered by music. 
A "dear friend" of Gandhi's once received a letter from him in which Gandhi pleaded for him not to go to war. That friend was Hitler. 
In China, the name of the drink Coca-Cola was initially read as "Kekoukela", which when translated means "Bite the wax tadpole"! 
If this is your "catch-phrase", you are a jerk  
"The Devil's Breath" is the name of a drug which makes a person incapable to make choices and exercise free will. 
The Greek demigod, Hercules was punished to clean a cattle stable that hadn't been cleaned for 30 years. 
A person would still be unable to pay the US national debt if he/she pays a thousand dollar every year until the universe exists. 
In 1920s, a dog waited for 9 years after the death of his master outside the train station every morning until he himself passed away. 
The second highest paid service in the US government is that of the Postmaster general, first being the President's. 
This is the most dangerous school to attend... wait, how many murders last year?!  
The most fit NFL player, look at this physique  
The white skin originated only 6000 thousand years ago, prior to which all humans were black. 
George Clooney wasn't so hot when he was younger, what do you think?  #sp 
17.6 million Americans abuse alcohol. This is a sign you're one of them  
Einstein’s brain was 130 grams lighter than the average male brain. 
The first breakfast cereal produced had to be soaked overnight for it to be edible because it was too hard. 
According to statistics if you order a pizza and call an ambulance at the same time, about 2 out of 5 times the pizza will arrive first! 
Saliva contains substances that fight bacteria, viruses and fungi. So, kissing frequently can help fight bad breath and avoid tooth decay! 
This happens every 10-13 seconds...and it's only getting worse!  
Studies have proved that you can be happier and are less likely to be depressed as you get older if you regularly help other people. 
Smoking kills as many people worldwide as the number of people that die due to inactivity and laziness! 
"Stopping in Vegas on the Way to a Wedding" is the official Israeli name for the hit Hollywood blockbuster "The Hangover". 
It is completely legal in England and Wales to be naked in public, unless you're being naked causes public distress. 
The clitoris has 8000 nerve endings. The penis only has 4000. I guarantee you didn't know this about the vagina  
The design of the Sonic Hedgehog's shoes were a concept taken from Michael Jackson's boots. 
A psychologist tried to raise a female chimpanzee, Lucy like a human and one day found Lucy masturbating to a copy of Playgirl in her room. 
200 cases in the last 300 years have been reported of spontaneous human combustion, when a person bursts into flame for no apparent reason. 
"Nigger Corner" is the name of an actual place in Jamaica. 
Studies have shown that the rate of sex crimes in an area decreases whenever porn becomes more easily available there! 
In 1998, the NSA banned Furbies from the workplace in fear that the toy would record & repeat top secret information!  
The reason why old cats meow or howl more in particular is because they suffer from the cat’s version of Alzheimer. 
The PENIS of the Egyptian Pharaoh, Tutankhamun's mummy was reported missing in 1968 and was found in 2006. 
In 2005, 100% of the revenues generated by Mardi Gras themed DVD "Girls Gone Wild" were donated to the victims of Hurricane Katrina. 
Bonobos primates use sex as a casual greeting; to say hello, as a handshake, and so fourth. Here's why  
"The Buzz" was actually the name of the Michael Jackson's famous Moonwalk move, Introduced by Cab Calloway back in 1930s. 
From 1972 till 1974, the number of bicycles sold in the American market were more than the number of cars. 
The US President , Jimmy Carter once forgot the American nuclear launch codes in his suit when it was sent for dry cleaning. 
Denzel Washington and Russell Brand don't drink alcohol! Here's why  
On average, American government earns 700% profit on all the money invested on NASA. 
Until the new employees hired by Apple Inc are trusted completely, they are made to work on fake projects with dummy roles. 
Shakespeare used "your mom" jokes in his plays Timon of Athen and Titus Andronicus. 
Until the new employees hired by Apple Inc aren't trusted completely, they are made to work on fake projects with dummy roles. 
Clitoris has 8000 nerve endings twice as many as the penis and more than any other part of human body. 
The German slang term "Kittchen" translates to "Prison" in English. 
The day the king of pop, Michael Jackson died, Twitter, Wikipedia and AOL IM all collapsed at 3:15 pm exact. 
In Northwestern China, archaeologists found a 2700 year old body of blue-eyed Caucasian buried along with 789 grams of marijuana. 
This is true about the dreams you're having, and it's crazy!  
In 1950's Nintendo ran a chain of sex hotels, a cab company and also sold instant rice cooker. 
This is what President Obama and Megan Fox looked like, way back when!  
After 25 years of happy marriage husband and wife start to resemble each other, a study suggests. 
Marijuana was actually used for medicinal purposes in Ancient China, to treat the 'illness' of absent-mindedness! 
To avoid being judged by other people, 4 out of 5 people do not express their emotions and keep things to themselves only. 
Superman didn't actually have the ability to fly, in the original comic series written by DC Comics in the 1930's. 
Less than 42% of people can identify all of these images correctly  
Dogs have an ability to detect bowel cancer by simply sniffing your stool with 97% accuracy. 
Most people like looking at their reflections so much that they do so whenever they walk past windows or even parked cars! 
Every person that makes a profile on Facebook adds about $47 to the entire value of the company! 
The oldest known recipe ever discovered in the world was for beer, found on a four-thousand-year old Mesopotamian clay tablet! 
China's richest man with a worth of US $21.8 billion, Zong Qinghou, eats the same meals as his workers and lives on only $20 a day! 
These are the top party schools, period! Grab your beer, get in your car and travel here:  
According to law, if a baby is delivered on a flight, he/she can get the citizenship of the country the airline is registered in. 
The white skin originated only 6000 thousand years ago, prior to which all humans were black. 
In ancient Ireland, sucking on a King's nipples used to be regarded as a kind gesture, considered as submission to the King! 
Bilge-sucker is pirate lingo for fellatio! Find out how to say more bad words in pirate talk  
Music, movies and computer games combined generate less revenue worldwide than GAMBLING alone! 
The wombat poop is cubic in shape, measuring around 2-3 inches. 
The great boxer, Muhammad Ali protested against racial discrimination in the US by throwing his Olympic gold medal into the Ohio river. 
Natalie Portman and Tobey Maguire both have THIS in common  
The chemical which turns the colour of water blue, if you urinate in the pool is only a fictional substance and doesn't really exist. 
In ancient Mesopotamia, prostitutes were an important part of the religion and lived in their temples. 
Dr. Seuss placed a bet of $50 with his publisher that he’ll write a story with 50 words only. He won by writing “Green Eggs and Ham”. 
Over half of the sex dolls that are available in the world are made in China, while 70% of them are used there too! 
Men lie. Women lie. Here's the list that research shows WOMEN tell to MEN to the most often!  
The world's largest condom was made in China to promote World Population Day in 2003 and stood at 260 feet tall, 330 feet around. 
The reason why New York's area code is 212 is because it is the quickest and the easiest number to dial on a rotary phone. 
When you watch porn, it causes every part of the brain that isn't responsible for sexual arousal to have a decreased blood flow! 
Modesty is considered by women to be an unattractive trait when found in men as they want them to be more confident! 
Coca-Cola can be used to cure a jellyfish sting! I bet you also didn't know, it can do this to your car & windows!  
10% of men start to 'kiss' before they have even turned 10 years old! 
Only after 8 years of inventing a telephone, in 1884, the first prank call was made. 
Santa Claus has a brother "Bells Nichols" who fills empty plates with cookies and cakes on New Year's Eve, according to French tradition. 
The world-famous food chain Burger King sells over 4.6 million Whopper sandwiches every passing day! 
Tupac started with his music and rapping career as a roadie and backup dancer in a music video by Digital Underground. 
Only about 1% of land in the whole world is owned by women, while the rest is owned by men! 
These celebrities all have been compared to animals! See if you agree with these hilarious photos  
The "chips" in the US are called "crisps" in Britain, while the "chips" in Britain are actually called "fries/French fries" in the US! 
Sean Combs, commonly known as P.Diddy, tried to lose his virginity at the age of 7 to an older girl, but failed. 
Where did those big balls come from? Not yours, these 8 foot ones that nobody in history can explain!>>  
Sexually frustrated people are considered more likely to rip and tear the labels off of soft drink and beer bottles. 
The average person has 1,460 dreams/year, 4 per night! Scientists also say it's impossible to dream if you do THIS  
Best. Superheros. Of. All. Time!  
This unsafe school had 3 murders, 4 robberies, 10 aggravated assaults, 80 burglaries, & 8 car thefts last year!>>  
The college courses are so easy, they'll spike your GPA up in no time!  
Mike Tyson has made over $400 million dollars, Nicholas Cage over $4 BILLION... and both of them are broke! Even worse>  
The gold medal for the London Olympics in 2012 is actually made up of only 1.34% gold, while the rest is 92.5% silver and 6.16% copper! 
More than about one out of every third surveyed internet user has admitted to going online just to piss someone off at least once. 
After her death, the former husband of Marilyn Monroe, Joe DiMaggio, had fresh roses delivered to her crypt 3 times a week for 20 years! 
To make themselves feel better, 4 out of 5 people in the world are likely to diss other people, because they suffer from low self-esteem! 
During their periods, women are actually quicker at detecting snakes. 
There exists a website, that for $ 12.79 reserves a ticket for you to heaven and it makes millions of Dollars. 
People who masturbate regularly often have a longer life expectancy! Learn more here, then get to work  
The more you sweat, the better shape you're in! Here's why  
These rappers made the best selling hip-hop artists of all time!  #sp 
It was only after the 15th century that the word “girl” meant a female child before that it was used for a young person of either sex. 
The world's smallest mother in height is a woman by the name of Stacey Herald, at just 2 feet 4 inches tall! 
Almost 1 out of every 5 people have dropped their cell phone down a toilet at least once! 
Stupid sh*t celebrities say  #sp 
The Rolls Royce motor car is built in about 6 months in total, while it takes only 13 hours to build a Toyota! 
The new iPhone 5 has an 8 megapixel camera, while the human eye possesses the quality of a 576 megapixel camera! 
It is said that if you look directly in a person's eyes, no one in the world can lie to you without showing it indirectly. 
Over-thinking is the cause of almost 81% of people being stressed. 
Insane #RedBull crashes... I guess they didn't have good wings! sp  
If you curse, people will remember what you say more, as swearing directly affect the emotions of the listener more than normal words! 
The famous Swedish book "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" written by Stieg Larsson, was initially titled "Men who Hate Women". 
Attempting to commit suicide was once considered illegal in England, and was ironically punishable by death! 
And the winner for beer with the highest alcohol % is...  #sp 
The worldwide consumption of coffee amounts to about 1.7 billion cups every single day! 
Sprinkling sugar on a wound, a traditional African remedy, is medically proven to help wounds heal faster and stop bacteria growth! 
"Fartypants" is the name of a special underwear brand specifically designed for people who fart a lot! 
This is not a joke, these are REAL college classes that actually exist. sp  
This is the DIRTIEST place at the gym, gross! sp  
Every year, about 800 million porn films are rented all over America, which is more than twice the population of the US! 
The currency of USA (US dollar) cannot have the picture of a living US President featured on it. 
A 62-year old man with impaired vision and hearing got struck by lightning and when he woke up the next day, he could hear and see! 
Karsten Braasch was ranked 203 in tennis, once he drank beer and won the match against Serena and Venus Williams. 
The fact that hot water freezes faster than cold water still remains a mystery for the scientists. 
"HP" in HP Sauce refers to "Houses of Parliament" because a restaurant in the Houses of Parliament was the first one to start serving it. 
"Pimp Juice" was the name of an actual energy drink introduced by famous American rapper Nelly. 
The character of "The Joker" in the movie Batman was actually inspired from a 1928 silent film "The Man Who Laughs". 
Walt Disney dropped out of high school at the age of 16, because he wanted to serve in the army during WW1, but got rejected! 
To keep girls from having sex, the 'Little Red Riding Hood' fairytale was written, using the 'big bad wolf' as a metaphor for a penis! 
These were voted the top things you DON'T want showing up in your search history! sp  
Insane! This is happening every 10-13 seconds in the United States! Take a guess what it is, then find out sp>>  
Doing this will actually make you appear 10 lbs lighter!  
Best. WiFi Name. Ever. -->>  
Technically the world should have ended around 13 months ago according to the Mayan calendar because it didn't account for leap years! 
The sudden feeling of jolt or falling experienced when you’re about to fall asleep is classified as a mild epileptic seizure. 
Homework takes up more time of the students of today than has ever been recorded in human history! 
If you live in the US, you'll NEVER believe it's illegal to do this sp  
If you make more than about $75,000 a year, money can buy happiness, according to a study carried out at Princeton University! 
Made from eggs, oil and vinegar; mayonnaise has been used by people as a hair conditioner for many decades now. 
Hunching over cell phones to make it easy to text, or whatever reason, can cause an injury which is known as "text neck". 
For every human that is present on Earth, there exist about 200 million insects of 900 thousand different kinds. 
Guess what has in common with Ned Flanders from The Simpsons?  #sp 
"Zombie Fungi" infects an ant, takes control of its mind and force the ant to moves to a place suitable for the fungi and then kills it. 
After they die, you can get loved ones cremated and packed into bullets by a company called 'Holy Smoke' specializing in just that! 
Before WWII, Gandhi wrote an article for Britain, advising them to not fight against Nazis and let them take the possession of England. 
A Russian scientist ,Vladimir Lukyanov, in 1936 invented a computer that ran on water. 
The myth that carrots improve eyesight was made by the British army in WW2, to tell the world that their pilots could see Nazis in the dark. 
John D. Rockefeller, one of the wealthiest man to ever live had a childhood dream of earning $100,00 and live to be 100 years, died at 97. 
When buying a bottle of whisky or a pack of cigarettes in UK, you are paying almost 77% tax on it. 
A tiger's short-term memory is 30 times greater than a human's. 
There is a phenomena known as the heteropaternal superfecundation, in which a woman can get pregnant with twins from different fathers. 
At least one cell of the human body, which would become cancerous if it lived, is destroyed by the body's immune system each day! 
In 1995, "Feel The Curves" was coca cola's $200K marketing campaign, It was recalled beacause artist hid a blowjob image in the poster. 
A study showed that people belonging to all nations and ethnicities said marriage gave them more happiness than career, community or money. 
Yes, these really exist. Women's panties and men's flip flops... with bottle openers:  #sp 
Doing this simple thing could increase your results at the gym by a HUGE margin! sp  
You'll never believe what Mila Kunis and Ryan Gosling have in common... it has to do with death! sp  
Awkward: this is what your favorite celebrity looks like... without make-up!  #sp 
Weirdest law in the United States... period! sp>>  
There is a pillow that enables you to listen to your loved ones heartbeat even if you’re miles and miles apart through digital interaction. 
The praying mantis female decapitate and than eat the head of male while having sex and continues until she finishes. 
Every year in America there are more than 11,000 injuries to the people living there, which occur during sexual intercourse! 
NASA will pay $15,000 to anyone who is willing to sit in bed for 87 days, to help research the effects of zero gravity. 
The sting from a Box Jelly fish is so deadly that it can kill a grown man in just 30 seconds. 
Until 1991, the computer which is responsible for the entire launch sequence of NASA's spaceships had only 1MB of ram. 
The idea of Seinfeld episode "The Sniffing Accountant" was conceived when Jerry Seinfeld's accountant stole $50,000 to buy illegal drugs. 
Tupac's code of THUGLIFE states that: All new Jacks to the game must know: He’s going to get rich; He’s going to jail and He’s going to die. 
Google Inc pays more to gay and lesbian employees compared to its heterosexual employees. 
The term Whisky or Whiskey comes from the Gaelic word ‘usquebaugh’ which translates to ‘water of life’. 
The sting from a Box Jelly is so deadly that it can kill a grown man in just 30 seconds. 
53 years old Annie Hawkins-Turner holds the record of world's biggest natural boobs, her bra size is 102 ZZZ. 
I bet you didn't know this beer had the HIGHEST alcohol content!  #sp 
'Vertical bacon sandwich' and 'Tongue magnet' are uncommon slang terms used for VAGINA. 
If the total amount of money generated by Star Wars is adjusted according to inflation, it would’ve earned $1.5 billion today. 
The owner of Ikea started his business at the age of 17 years, from the money he collected from selling matchsticks in the neighborhood. 
France has a total 33% of atheist population making it one of the biggest atheist nation in the world. 
There actually exist 4 wise monkeys, not 3 wise monkeys, depicting the principles of see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil, do no evil. 
Get your party on! These school were voted the top party schools in the US! ad>>  
Once Rowan Atkinson, famously known as Mr. Bean, saved a plane crash when the pilot of his private jet fainted mid-flight. 
A highly motivating factor behind the high suicide rate in Japan is that the families get insurance money even if you commit suicide. 
President Obama and Megan Fox's favorite songs ad>>;  
Dr Seuss, the American writer married his mistress after his wife, fighting cancer for 13 years, committed suicide because of his infidelity 
“I want to go when I want. It is tasteless to prolong life artificially” said Einstein when asked to get operated, a day before his death. 
Cognitive bias is when you think you've gained something but in reality you haven’t and this trick is used by shops when giving “discounts”. 
"McChildren" is a term used for kids who've spent most of their time in closed environments and get sick very often if they go out. 
When the fetus is 4 months old, it is able to respond if the light is flashed on the mother’s abdomen. 
Cryptomnesia is a state in which forgotten memory comes back and you think that a new idea just hit your mind. 
There actually exist a unit of time for dogs called "Dog year" and it has only 52 days. 
The initial recipe of 7up used to contain lithium, a drug used to stabilize mood and cure depression. 
The average American eats about 17.9 pounds of bacon per year, thats over 268 slices! True bacon lovers, continue sp  
In 1984 Guangdong, China, almost 500 men were affected by a psychological plague, KORO which is the fear of disappearance of one’s genitals. 
The world record for longest, most accurate shot with a bow is made by an armless man, hitting the target 230 yards away. 
In a fight over a parking space, a 41-year-old Chinese woman killed a man by squeezing his testicles. 
Will Smith was actually casted to play this legendary role, and he turned it down! sp  
Morning coffee drinker? Then you should probably know THIS ad>>  
A survey done by an International organization in Afghanistan found that around 92% of the Afghan men haven't even heard of 9/11. 
Adolf Hitler had a dainty sweet tooth, he used to add 7 teaspoons of sugar in each cup tea. 
The ingredient used in perfumes to help its smell stay longer on your skin is actually whale’s vomit also known as Ambergris. 
The computing technology now a days is 8.3 trillion times cheaper than it was in 1960s. 
iPhone 5 is launching today and it is expected that 3.3 million units will be sold in just 3 days and more than 10 million in a week. 
10^10^100 is the biggest number called 'Googolplex' and it would require the complete universe to write down all the zeros in this number. 
Mint, olive oil, and lemon are all great for... what?  #sp 
President Obama and Megan Fox's favorite songs ad>>  
Wow she's hot... wait... HE?! These are the world's most famous transgenders of all time. sp  
Every year in New York, nearly 4 million accidental calls to 911 are made as result of Butt-dials. 
Every year in New York, nearly 4 million accidental calls to 911 were made as result of Butt-dials. 
There exist 'Lesbian Lizards' which reproduce by female mating with a female because they don't have male lizards in entire specie. 
A psychological study confirms that the presence of beautiful women ignite stupid behavior in men. 
You are more likely to win a Nobel Prize or become a president of US if you are eldest among your siblings, first borns have higher IQ level 
The density of a Neutron Star is so high that a teaspoon of this matter equals to 900 times the mass of the Great Pyramid of Giza. 
Of all the parts of a human body, the healing ability of a tongue is the fastest. 
Only ~14% of the world's population is left handed! Coincidence that all these MAJOR celebrities are left handed? ad>>  
The original plot of the movie “the human centipede” was conceived by the director as ways to punish child molesters. 
Stephen Colbert, a male American writer, oddly made it on Maxim's Top 100 most beautiful women. 
Get your party on! These school were voted the top party schools in the US! ad>>  
Originally French Toast were called German toast but after WW2 when the hatred for Germans grew, its name was changed. 
Wow she's hot... wait... HE?! These are the world's most famous transgenders of all time. sp  
Till date the lowest grossing Hollywood movie is Zyzzyx Road which played only in 1 cinema for a week earning $30. 
In the history of Tae Kwon Do, Chuck Norris was the first person from the West to be ranked a 8th Degree Black Belt Grand Master. 
In 1940, the German military troops were given over 35 million tablets of meth, used to cure asthma. 
If you lived 600 million years ago, you would have a year 423 days long instead of 365 days like they are now! 
Osama Bin Laden's dad had how many kids? A) 19 B) 54 C) 37 - What's your guess? Find out sp>>  
At the funeral of Graham Bell, the inventor of telephone, all the telephone lines in the US and Canada were suspended for a minute. 
Mozart, famous music composer of the 18th century composed a song titled "Lick Me in the Ass". 
The movie with the highest body count is Lord of the Rings- Return of the King in which 836 characters were killed. 
Do you ever go to bars or nightclubs? If so, these are the top 6 dirtiest spots at the bar  #sp Gross! 
"Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life." Who said this silly quote? =>>  
When not sure of what to do, human beings tend to mimic (copy) whatever the people around them are doing! 
Every single day, the mind of an average person thinks somewhere close to 70,000 thoughts! 
Conceived with an 'egg' donated by her own ( 27 year-old ) daughter, a 57 year-old woman became mother of her own grand-daughter in 2005. 
Stupidus, the name of an ancient Roman clown, is where the term "Stupid" actually has its origins. 
Mind-blowing sex can actually erase a woman's memory temporarily! The medical term for this is transient global amnesia. 
When kept busy, people tend to naturally be more happy than they would be if otherwise! 
'Love' has inspired about 12% of all the graffiti found in women's toilets, and only 1% of that found in men's toilets! 
The chances of you dying on your birthday are higher than they would be on any other day of the year! 
She is one of the most beautiful celebrities known today, but have you seen these pics of her with no make-up? sp  
It has been proven that excessive Masturbation decreases the chances of developing Prostate Cancer among men! 
Ironically, slaves actually assembled the famous 'Statue of Freedom' in 1863, which sits on top of the U.S. Capitol building. 
The average human brain is capable of remembering only about 60% of whatever happened just a day before! 
Masturbating, as well as dancing or even singing are all proven ways to reduce stress and depression faced by humans! 
Bored to death - Complaining of boredom increases a person's chances of dying by a stroke or heart attack by about 250%. 
Your IQ will be about 10 points higher if you were breastfed as a child than if you weren't. 
Can you believe this is a REAL rule in the NFL? sp  
"123456" is the most commonly used password worldwide, as well as the one that is cracked the most. 
All humans are born naturally afraid of loud noises and falling, the only two fears they are known to possess at the time of birth! 
These 10 NFL teams are the most likely to crumble in 2012  #sp 
Any memory that people have of before they were 4 years old has only a 5% chance of being true. 
Weirdest law in the United States... period! sp>>  
By memorizing the lyrics of songs, you can reduce the risk of developing psychological disorders and increase memory capacity. 
Repeatedly hearing a lie actually makes us believe on it. This is called "Illusion of Truth" and it effects 100% of all humans. 
Specifically for the Nazis, Coca Cola decided to make a fruit-flavored soda when there was a shortage of syrup, and invented Fanta! 
On the morning of 9/11, there was a meeting scheduled for Michael Jackson on one of the Twin Tower of WTC, but he overslept and missed it. 
If travelling underground 'through' the Earth, it would take humans only up to 42 minutes to go from one place to anywhere else in the world 
4 out of 5 times, the person asking you "what's wrong?" is someone you have an issue with. A study conducted by behavioural scientists. 
Sexologists has estimated that an actual orgasm burns about 112 calories, while faking an orgasm is said to burn off about 315 calories! 
Dimples are actually caused by a facial muscle called the zygomaticus major, being abnormally short! 
Find out which celeb said this "I think gay marriage is something that should be between a man and a woman." ->>  #sp 
President Obama's favorite song is actually "Ready or Not" by the Fugees! Check out what Megan Fox's fav is>> sp  
To see at what point the light of the fridge goes out, 9 out of 10 people have tried to close the fridge slowly at some point in their lives 
In the United States, about 4 out of every 5 kids in the 6th grade can't find the US on a map of the world! 
At 104 years old, grandmother Lillian Lowe was the world's oldest Facebook user before she died weeks before her 105th birthday! 
Out of the total mass of the Solar System, 99.86% is that of the Sun. 
Despite the fact that the main ingredient of Tic Tacs is sugar, it is still marketed as having zero sugar. 
The character "Mario" has been in how many video games? A) 23 B) 59 C) 120 - Find out if you're right>>  #sp 
Even if a boomerang is thrown while on the moon, it will come back to you. 
Research has shown that the even when a human is asleep, the human mind is capable of sensing that someone is staring at them! 
The original purpose why 'Viagra' was created was to lower blood pressure and reduce stress! 
Twilight, the world-famous vampire-human love story, was rejected 14 times before it was actually published! 
The chances of you making someone laugh increase when the other person (who you want to laugh) is more attracted to you! 
Guess what has in common with Ned Flanders from The Simpsons?  #sp 
You are not as nice as you think you are, as studies in psychology have proved that we tend to overestimate ourselves! 
To cut off one's penis is referred to as to "bobbitt", named after a man called John Wayne Bobbitt, who had his penis cut off by his wife! 
Weirdest law in the United States... period! sp>>  
When you listen to a song that you enjoy, your brain releases a feel-good chemical called dopamine, which is also responsible for addiction 
About 47% of people use Google just to check if their Internet is connected, while the rest use it for its actual purpose as a search engine 
In 2012, 3 men took bullets while protecting their girlfriends during a shooting spree in a theater in Colorado showing the Batman movie. 
Awkward: this is what your favorite celebrity looks like... without make-up!  #sp 
Making love in front of the entire village was considered tradition for the bride and groom in reports of the earliest wedding ceremonies! 
A "condom ambulance" is a vehicle in Stockholm, Sweden that delivers a 10-pack of condoms right to your doorstep when called upon! 
If you live in the US, you'll NEVER believe it's illegal to do this sp  
Counting down the best #NUDE movie scenes, ever!! sp --->  
The DNA of an average person is believed to be so stretchable that it can go from the Earth to the Moon and back, about 6,000 times! 
Best. WiFi Name. Ever. -->>  
This is the craziest unsolved mystery ever, I can't believe they haven't caught this guy!  sp 
More than about 109500000 puppies are born in the United States every single year! 
The English word 'bacon' was derived from a word in the German language which meant 'buttock'! 
If you lived a 100 million years ago, you would have 21-hour long days instead of 24-hour days like they are now! 
There is a spot in the USA called the 'Four Corners' where it is actually possible for a person to stand inside four states at the same time 
More orgasms are experienced by women who have a high emotional intelligence, when compared to the rest. 
'Mental pain' is actually increased by pretending as if you are okay when you are not! 
You'll never believe what Mila Kunis and Ryan Gosling have in common... it has to do with death! sp>>  
A study showed that the more intelligent a person is the more chances of him/her using drugs such as marijuana and cocaine. 
10,507 is the record of the most non stop push ups done, made by a japanese guy. 
#Sushi lovers will be happy to know these facts  
While they are kissing, about 2 out of every 3 people keep their eyes closed. 
In Sweden, Norway and Iceland it is the client who is guilty to pay for sex, not the the prostitute who offers sexual services. 
About 69% of the marriages in Ethiopia are done by kidnapping the bride. 
The Mother in Law of the President Barack Obama lives with the first family in the White House. 
According to recent studies, people who are married tend to live longer than the people who are single! 
Doing this simple thing could increase your results at the gym by a HUGE margin! sp  
After getting married, women tend to gain weight, while men tend to do the same after they get divorced! 
These were the HOTTEST toys from the 90's!  sp 
On average, human females tend to start using sentences and learn to read earlier and more quickly than their male counterparts. 
According to surveys, about 40% of people admit to looking inside the host's medicine cabinet when at a party! 
In Britain, being struck by lightning restored a blind man's sight nine years after he lost it in an accident! 
There is a widespread belief in Japan that having a clean toilet brings good fortune, and there are even many books on the subject! 
A kid is raising money through concerts for his surgeries as his stoned mother cut off his penis and testicles when he was 5 weeks old. 
After getting married to Madonna, her ex husband, Guy Ritchie got his circumcision done on her request. 
The total amount of data transferred on internet in 1993 was less then the amount of data transferred in a second in 2008. 
Yes, these really exist. Women's panties and men's flip flops... with bottle openers:  #sp 
A study showed that observing anger through sarcasm improves analytical thinking and makes a person more creative. 
No matter if you're tired or just plain having a crappy day, these things are proven to improve your mood instantly! sp  
The largest storage capacity available in a USB flash drive is 1 terabyte which costs around $3000. 
Rattle snakes stay locked in intercourse for up to 20 hours, as male possesses a spiked penis, making it difficult for them to withdraw! 
Doing this will actually make you appear 10 lbs lighter!  
The computer game called 'Donkey Kong' in fact features no donkeys in the whole game! 
According to reports from NASA there are about 2 billion earth-like planets in the Milky Way only. 
The baby of a giraffe falls from a height of about six feet when it is born, and mostly doesn't even get hurt! 
Insane! This is happening every 10-13 seconds in the United States! Take a guess what it is, then find out sp>>  
Scientists have successfully produced environment friendly pigs called 'Enviropig'. 
These were voted the top things you DON'T want showing up in your search history! sp  
In 18th century Americans settled matters of honor by Gouging, a fighting style in which one removes the eye of the other with their thumbs. 
It was only after WW2 that women started to shave their legs due to shortage of nylon stockings. 
Adolf Hitler was a regular user of the drug Amphetamine which improves speed and alertness. 
A5 Processor for Apple's iPhone and iPad is actually manufactured by Samsung. 
Body facts! Your heart can shoot blood up to 30 feet away! Check out your heart in action>>  
A theoretical Gravity Train exists which, in only 42 minutes could connect two places located anywhere, by digging a hole through the earth. 
The legendary Egyptian Pharaoh, King Tutankhamun, had a family of 5 sisters, of which one of them was also his mother! 
Can't get in the mood? Little do you know, doing THIS is actually killing your sex drive! sp  
Unless it is mixed with their saliva, human beings do not have the ability to taste food! 
Dead by the age of 80, a man named Michael Tolotos was rumored never to have seen a woman in his whole life, and he wasn't blind! 
When the Titanic sank in 1912, there were also two dogs among the survivors of the ship-wreck! 
There are actually people who collect toilet seats, and among them is also Prince Charles who is an avid collector! 
It is believed that Dr.Dre didn't know that Eminem was actually a white until they actually met in person. 
Hideto Tomabechi, a Japanese scientist, claims to have created a cellphone ringtone which can make a woman's breasts get bigger! 
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
Dehydration can actually confuse your body into thinking you're hungry, triggering cravings & overeating! Also... sp>>  
