Amazing speech by re-elected for his 2nd term! America is and can be united for the greater good of all Americans!  With watching at US Open!   Thank you to all my L’Oréal Paris fans in France! Gros Bisous! 
HAHA RT@georgelopez Hey #2016 a Latina President and Vice President that's Loco! I know the perfect pair   Watching my girl at the US Open!!! Go Serena!   Sorry for all the tweets today! I'm just overwhelmed with the beautiful messages from all over the world! Thank u so much! Luv u tweeples! 
We did it together! RT Thank you for your amazing work on this campaign!! You helped make it happen . Xxoo m  true RT Condi Rice says birther movement is "extremist,"just days after Romney makes birth certificate "joke." #Mitt2012  England! RT Best Wishes from ENGLAND Eva :) hope you have the BEST day ????????????????? 
I love my sister and her passion and intelligence!  Wow- Another one RT : Add to that this : … the shoutdown of the Puerto Rican delegate: Down under! RT Happy Birthday from Brisbane, Australia :) #Birthday #cake 
haha! Big Bird is smiling    Thx beautiful! RT Happy Birthday to the beautiful LOVE YOU! 
Yay we got Nevada too!  Mira la luna! Una noche de Lobos! Pero no tengo un lobo Beautiful moon tonight!  Thank u baby! RT Feliz cumples, guapa!!! x 
So happy Joaquin Castro won in Texas as well! Go Castro Brothers!!!  This is shocking and horrible.   Love u! RT Happy Birthday u sweet, loving,powerful,inspiring,funny,kind, gorgeous, ...  
Me and my friends celebrating! I'm on tears! Moving the country forward!!! Obama!!!   U are adorable! RT Im always hoping u would tweet me!<3 pls check my letterr!<3   Thx! RT Happy Birthday to such a beautiful lady inside & out :) wishing u all best!! 
Barack Obama re-elected as 44th President of the USA!!!! Go !!!!  What is important is not what happens to us, but how we respond to what happens to us. Hello Poland! RT You know in Poland is 15th March and 5pm soo now i can say " Happy Birthday!!" I LOVE YOU<3 
We did it!!! Obama re-elected!!!!! Yes!! Yes We Can!  — Jean-Paul Sartre  Gracias! RT Happy Birthday to VENEZUELA, Orgullo Latino??? You are amazing, We love you? 
Love that we won MA and WI !! What happen Romney/Ryan?!  Excited to announce that I’m working with Canon and Ron Howard on Project Imaginat10n, a film festival inspired by you…   Russia thank u! RT Happy Birthday from Russia!!!! 
Come on Florida! Come on Ohio!! We can do this!  Hiking at the Hollywood reservoir! Gorgeous view! Good morning world!   Wow Ireland! RT happy birthday from Ireland !:) 
So happy for Elizabeth Warren from MA and Claire McCaskill in MO!!! Go ladies!  Thx AW! RT Had the best guacamole ever tonight thanks to #realtalk   Grazi! RT dall'Italia auguri di un bellissimo compleanno a una donna che mi ha fatto ...  
Thinking of our troops around the world, no matter who wins tonight they get up tomorrow and keep us safe. #thankful  Estos si son guapos!  
Regardless of political party, I deeply admire the hard work and devotion of all those involved in our democracy. #election2012  Yep! RT Tell me whom you love, and I'll tell you who you are. (@EvaLongoria),but sometimes the ...  
Get down to your polling place now! Even if there’s a line, if you’re there before it closes, you will be able to VOTE.   Exacto! RT Dime con quien andas y te dire quien eres. Mami's famous words. 
Send me your photos of voting or your voting stickers! I will retweet! #Obama2012  Tell me whom you love, and I'll tell you who you are. - Creole Proverb 
YOU have a role in this election. If you haven't voted yet, it's time to do your part:    I love Sevilla, beautiful place! RT eva what is your shoe size?kiss from sevilla,spain! 
Here we go America!!! Election Day is finally here! Vote! Vote! Vote!  Due to the weather in Florida and I won't make it there this week. Hope everyone is prepared and stays safe thru the storms! 
When you cast your vote tomorrow, choose this guy. He’s got your back!  #Obama2012   Im definitely not perfect thank u! RT is perfect in her imperfections. She's strong ...  
Proud of my new “I Voted” badge – way better than a sticker! Get yours here:  #Obama2012   I will! RT Family is everything! Give your sister a big hug for me! #Muah 
Great idea! RT in FL: we r making 'line bags' for voters in long lines:h20, snax etc!! Please share the idea!  Hey Orlando! I’m coming back to campaign for #Obama2012 on Tuesday…with Be there:  
The most hilarious member of Team Obama? Will Ferrell! He will do ANYTHING to get you to vote:   Me and my mama! Nothing like family to keep you grounded....  
Addicted to new book series Georgetown Academy! Fun, juicy, scandalous just like DC. Check it out! …   Me and my sister Liza hanging out on a Saturday!  
Go Kate! RT Dubuque peeps waiting for POTUS   My sister! RT Love this photo  
Go Katy! RT Poll: Influences Young Voters More than Older Voters   No makeup! RT Me and looking cute in LA woot woot  
Go Lala! RT Campaigning with at Norfolk State Homecoming for Get out and vote!   Hey great show tonight! Loving 
Go Kerry! RT Up and at em! I am FIRED UP & heading to LAX so I can help GET OUT THE VOTE for ...   I'm honored to speak to a STADIUM full of supporters at the DNC in Charlotte on Sep 6! Come w/ me: …  
Angels RT Well said ~ So many of them leaving their own families in the middle of the ...   Thank u! RT excited for at dnc.so much more than a celebrity,eva= activist and OFA national ...  
God bless all the emergency crews and volunteers who are working hard on the east coast! #SandyHelp  Thats so true! RT If you want the rainbow, you’ve got to put up with the rain. Dolly Parton #quotes  
benefit telethon on NOW to help Hurricane Sandy relief. Tune in at 8pm ET. Help raise money for #SandyHelp  Piers this tweet made me laugh out loud! Lol RT I'm shocked and disgusted by the Prince Harry party ...  
Hurricane Sandy relief benefit concert on tonight – 8pm ET. Help raise money for #SandyHelp  Me and my angel and and Amber sitting on the couch with Olympic Gold medals!!!  
Tune in tonight at 8pmET to watch ‘Hurricane Sandy: Coming Together’ benefit on featuring performances b…   Wow! The Flavor Gallery at the #DoUsAFlavor contest has so many tasty chips I’d eat. What about you? …  
Yes! RT San Antonio... tomorrow & Friday are your last chance to vote early! Don't forget to ...   Have you guys seen this video? What are your thoughts??!!  
Very nice of u, she is missed RT I made a mini ofrenda for Lupe Ontiveros, El Dia De Los ...   Merci mon ami de Paris! RT I wish will read my letter :  ? 
Haha good to know! RT Congrats to who scored the highest of anyone in our naughty or ...   Love my girls! RT This is the trio that I prefer, u are ...  
U guys rock! RT why the apologising for discussing politics? It affects us all! Love that ...   Thank u for coming! RT The Global Gift Gala was wonderful! Thanks for such a great ...  
Thanks Charlie! RT i do government at school, your tweets inspire me, ...   Thx!! RT Eva you were amazing in Alberta Ferretti #AW12 “@EvaLongoria: With Terrence Howard ...  
Oops only Friday in some parts of world! Haha that was for tomorrow! #WishingItWasFriday  Gracias guapa!! RT “@Mujerhoy: Buenos días. Nuestra presentó anoche ...  
Happy Friday everyone! 4 more days til election and we will all be done with the political tweets! Thx for hanging in there everybody!  Gracias a vos! RT Con la guapísima fue un gran placer cenar con ella  
USA!!!   Vicente Del Bosque on stage at  
Go Brad! RT Brad Pitt is matching all donations for marriage equality initiatives for the next 24 hours:   Very excited to be on stage with and Vincente del Bosque! Gracias a todos! Que exito!  
On stage at the rally in Las Vegas! Boy it's hot out here! And yes I need a box to reach the podium! #Obama2012   Our host for tonight on stage with Sergio Scariolo from the Cesare Scariolo Foundation!  
Wow look at the crowd here in Vegas! #Obama2012 #Forward   My girls and on stage at What a beautiful night here in Marbella, Spain!  
In Vegas at the #WeDecide rally The Cheyenne Sports Complex w/ to arrive shortly to see everyone fired up!  On my way to red carpet for tonight! Look how beautiful the tables look!  
Omg too cute! RT Happy Halloween!!! Thank you tata for my costume!!    Thank you for hosting our "Welcome Cocktail" for 
Ha yes RT does animal count?   With Terrence Howard and in Marbella!  
Ha her face! RT #HappyHalloween   Posters all over Marbella for the tomorrow! I look better in the poster!  
Thx babe! RT Congrats to my #WithoutMen costar on her #FirstLookDeal with #Universal ...   Chant your mantra and choose the mantra over your thought! RT Went to my 1st #MEDITATION class ...  
Happy Halloween everyone! Send me pics of costumes tonight and I will retweet the good ones!!  No i am not RT Does anyone have any idea if "Evalongoria_" is real instagram or not? 
Great night my my friends and Diego Boneta!   Thank u! RT I'd be so happy if you read my letter  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE 
Good RT well Massachusetts is doing better. The power in my house is finally back up and working!  Thx for coming! Was an amazing morning! RT My report from Dynamic Walk-A-Thon Marbella with  
Wow RT crazy. the damage is horrible. #sandy   What a beautiful video Savannah! I will always support u as well! RT it would mean ...  
Hello east coast! How is everybody today after last night? #Sandy  Estoy contenta con toda la gente que estan aqui en el ! Mucho exito para los ninos!! 
Stay safe babe! RT We are over west side hwy and totally flooded! 4 feet of water at least and by ...   Having so much fun at the here in Marbella for the So many people today! 
Hey guys! Thanks for your tweets but please don't send100 of the same tweet. It floods my timeline, thank u tweeples!  Me and in Marbella for the See everyone tomorrow at the tomorrow morning…  
U guys r brave! thank u! RT because 1. We want to go and 2. It's a good way to ...   on TONIGHT at 10pm - a really inspirational story!   
I always asked the same thing! RT Why Do News Networks Send Reporters Into Dangerous Hurricane Conditions?   On my way to Spain for the in Marbella. Spain I have missed you! 
Whoa RT Look at this crazy picture of the East side of New York   Thank you to for gifting our cast the beautiful gifts of your necklaces! 
Hey east coast! How ya holding up? Watching the news and it looks scary! Be safe and god bless!  Working hard today...  
Yes! RT will you plz say a prayer for my son, He's a Navy Subner &in CT. 30ft waves ...   Can't wait for on Aug 17th at 10pm - a beautiful and powerful film!   
Thx! RT Ms. L safe travles. Go get a pedi/manny & a nice massage tommorrow. You ...   Anytime! RT Thank U Eva and Elan, always Great working w you and , fun ...  
I'm obsessed with new song Locked out of Heaven! Have it on repeat!  So proud of my girl on the Closing Ceremonies for the Olympics! What an hour and she looked amazing! 
Feel better! RT - tweeting from. Ma hospital bed. I wish you would say sumthin and also ...   Wow look what I got from and sent me from Chicago! Thx guys, love U both!  
Bye bye Florida! Don't forget to early vote! I'm dead tired from the weekend but totally worth it meeting everyone wit…   Look what I found at the airport newstand  
Ditto! RT Its starting to get scary outside... Stay safe everyone!! #Sandy   I do that all the time!! RT Did I really just drive around my neighborhood in circles because I ...  
They are fired up here in Tampa! Wow!   Romney’s VP pick voted against equal pay for women and repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. We can’t go backward:  
Just landed in Tampa!  Today Mitt Romney picked Paul Ryan, who wants to cut Pell Grant scholarships for nearly 10 million students!  
Haha love it! RT caricature of you what do you think   With Romney and Ryan, the choice for women, students, veterans and the middle class couldn’t be clearer:  #Obama2012 
Another stage at Calle Orange Festival! So many people, had so much fun! Thank u Orlando!   Agreed!! RT Two R's won't make it right. Romney/Ryan are Wrong for America. 
Me at the Calle Orange Festival in Orlando on stage! So many Latinos! Such a beautiful site!   Luv it! RT Nothing like a cup of coffee in my favorite #DesperateHousewives coffee cup...  
Me and small business owner Margarita restaurant! Sooo good! Thank u for the food and for supporting Obama!   Nothing like a cup of coffee in the morning in your favorite coffee cup...#littlethingsinlife  
Had so much fun! RT Thanks again for stopping by for lunch! You're an inspiration to all hispanic women!  Romneyâ??s VP pick voted against equal pay for women and repeal of Donâ??t Ask, Donâ??t Tell. We canâ??t go backward:  
Aww thx! RT don't think need a costume for Halloween ....u r a superwomen everyday god bless  With Romney and Ryan, the choice for women, students, veterans and the middle class couldnâ??t be clearer:Â  #Obama2012 
Morning Floridians! In Orlando and Tampa today! Don't forget early voting started! Go vote from now til Nov 3rd!   Are these heels high enough?? Love them!  
Always! RT .@EvaLongoria Thank you Eva. Glad you watched. #CNN  Look who woke up in my bed. This is the best face to roll over to in the morning!  
Watching tonight on CNN and he's in rare form. Never seen him so funny, bold and aggressive! Go Don!  "You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection" - Buddha 
Watching tonight and he's in rare form, funny, aggressive, getting some answers! Go Don!  Happy Birthday to the beautiful All my love to you Melanie!!! 
Day is done and I am exhausted but totally worth the time and effort! Get out and vote!   So cute! RT do you like my t-shirt? Xx  
Ok how cute is my nephew in the vampire costume I made him! He said he's a good vampire though!   U will love Corpus! RT Hey I'm speaking in your hometown of Corpus Christi today....you ...  
I'm in FL, go Julianne! RT Campaigning in Virginia for Vote everybody!   Luv u Elan! RT Hitting the town with my girls after a long day :))( thx miss for a ...  
Sandy update! RT 8 States Declaring States of ...   Thank you for the amazing time at the Chopra Center, you have given me a gift of clarity and meditation …  
Me and Debbie Wasserman Schultz speaking to Hispanic Women for Obama in Weston,FL These ladies are fired u…   What delicious flavors are you imagining right now? Enter your favorites at the Lay's Facebook page here: …  
They are fired up!! RT .@EvaLongoria with our volunteers in #Hialeah #FORWARD   Wow that was a little earthquake wasn't it? Its been a while since I've felt one here in LA! 
Couldnt agree more! RT Amazing young man > RT With the great Frank Stephens and his ...   Love to u! RT How are u, beauty?! Long time since Monte Carlo! Fun times! Look forward ...  
Another one! RT The Miami Herald: “Obama for President.”   Thank u Deepak RT Well Being at The Chopra Center with  
Wow! RT Obama endorsed by La Opinion, largest Spanish-language newspaper in the country   Happy to spend the week with my friend Beautiful day for self reflection....  
Aww thx! RT Just saw the halloween costumes has made for her nieces & nephews. I mean ...   Happy Birthday Daddy! I love u! #EnriqueLongoria 
Yay! RT you make Latinas Very Proud, Eva , my son and I already voted for President ...   The amount of people showing their love and support today was overwhelming and I'm sure Lupe was smiling down at us to…  
Visiting an Obama Field Office in Little Havana and the volunteers are Fired Up and Ready to go! Early voting starts t…   My heart is broken today saying goodbye to Lupe Ontiveros at her beautiful funeral. "She was the mother of our culture"-Eddie Olmos 
We r doing it together!! RT Thank u working so hard and caring about this country Eva! #civicduty  Gracias Vicente Del Bosque por honrarnos con su presencia y aceptar el Humanitarian Award. Para acompa…  
We r doing it together!! RT Thank u working so hard and caring about this country Eva! #civicduty  Good luck to A finalist for Miss India Canada title for 2012! Follow her or like her  
Good morning Florida! I'm in your state to make sure u know early voting starts today! You don't have to wait til Nov 6th!  So happy to be Sept cover and on their 1st digital edition!  
Finished the costumes for my nieces and nephew! What do ya think??!   I luv u more! RT So proud of my girl Eva Longoria! She is one of my best friends and I am always ...  
Yes! i'll post pic! RT Hey did you finish making those costumes yet.!?  Congratulations to our San Antonio mayor for becoming the keynote speaker at the Dem Natn'l Convention! …  
So funny! RT awww you were a question on #Jeopardy :-)   We’re less than 100 days away from Election Day. So get involved! We can’t wake up on November 7 wishing we’d done mor…  
Hilarious! RT awww you were a question on #Jeopardy :-)   I love that movie! RT Watching the movie "over her dead body" with in it.. So funny! 
yep! RT Getting out the early vote in FL for Obama-Biden? Polls open tomorrow in the Sunshine State!  Love u babe! RT Who's on the September cover of Lucky! Love u babe!!  
Go Jose!! RT Just in!  Larry Sabato has cong. district CA-10 new rating "Leans ...   I'm deeply saddened at the news of my dear friend Lupe Ontiveros passing. She was more than a colleague to me, she was…  
Aww miss u guys! RT With my family Love her always !!   Who loves Costco??? Their co-founder agrees that is creating an environment where small biz can succeed:  
Im in Florida! RT Ms. Longoria hope your enjoying your Friday night. We wish you were ...   is working hard to support small businesses. What is busy doing? Inventing more false attacks:  
I'm so excited to join the NBCUniversal family!   Sally Ride broke ground not only as a female astronaut, but as an advocate for STEM education. Let's carry on her work!  
Hello! RT Dear would u be so kind to make my dream come true? Just a simple hello to ur ...   Thank u! RT I'm so proud of you and what you have done in your life. Everyday I feel ...  
We r trying! RT Keep up the good work, Eva!! You are truly making the world a better ...   I see u! Thank u for all your support!! RT just hope one day, I'll be lucky enough to ...  
Luv u! RT Thanks E for a scary night full of screams&fun! X "@EvaLongoria: Nice Latin touch ...   A wonderful new blog by Lifestyle, fashion and fun, all in one!  
Omg thats scary! RT "Dancing with the Devil" story here in McAllen at Boccacio's nightclub ...   I'm at right now with and for a huge #DoUsAFlavor event:  
Yep thats it RT my mom says she cries at night looking for her kids #lalloronadiaries  My heart goes out to all the people affected in the Aurora, CO shooting. May God be with that town and their families... 
The dreadful La Llorona freaked me out! Share your stories of the creepy legend #lalloronadiaries  There's daddy too!!  
Nice Latin touch with La Llorona   Me, momma and my sister celebrating mom's birthday in San Antonio!  
Me and my girls scared straight!   Having a birthday breakfast with my mom at my favorite restaurant in San Antonio! Yes that's a painting of me on the w…  
Getting my scream on Crazy scary!!!!   Thx! RT Just listened to speak on SA on behalf of and she is such a role model! 
Almost done with Halloween outfits! Sweating over the sewing machine!   Thx! RT gave a Fantastic introduction to POTUS IN San Antonio. Thank you ...  
Wow RT Cleveland: Crowd, tarmac, setting sun.   Latinos aren't sitting back in 2012...we're working hard for In San Antonio w/ supporters now! Join us:  
Colin Powell Rocks! RT Good news! Colin Powell Endorses President Obama:  via  Yes be there tues with !! RT hey Eva are u coming to San Antonio? 
I will! Halloween costumes almost done! RT my lil'eva you have to tweet more pictures ...   Congrats George! RT Overwhelmed with joy 4 my hermano You are a true #Icon! #FamilyForLife  
Just saw this RT Actress Tina Fey Trashes Akin And Mourdock: 'Grey-Faced' Men With '$2 Haircuts' ...   Love a good gift bag! Thanks for the golf tournament swag! Love u Olivia!
Watched my beautiful friend tonight in the play November at Mark Taper! She was amazing as always!    
I know everyone is tired of political tweets. I promise fun stuff ahead! Less than 2 weeks!! Thx to all the non-Americ…   My girl has always been a champion to me! Congrats baby!!!  
Love it! RT Do you like my costume? I sewed it myself!   Backstage with our Ready For Love guys and Tim Lopez! Great group of guys, you will love …  
Haha yes! RT can I get you to help me with my costume ;-) #happyhalloween  Ran into Mayor Villaraigosa and at George Lopez shoot today  
Check out concrete plan to grow our economy and the middle class. This is what we need 4 more years of!…   lowrider car! Smog check??  
Sewing Halloween costumes for my nieces and nephews!   Shooting today with my brother !!!  
Women what do u think?? RT "No Mr. Mourdock, God didn't intend that"   Gotta have a Longhorn picture on 4th of July in texas! My nieces and nephew!  
Another GOP view! wow! RT "No Mr. Mourdock, God didn't intend that"   Nothing like the 4th of July in Texas on the San Antonio Riverwalk!!  
What? Rape is something God intended? wow RT The Republican war on women continues Richard Mourdock ...   Celebrate #FourthofJuly w/#AmericaOurHome #patriotic CD w/ #Latino twist by my friend benefits …  
Ok I decided to support the Vegas economy...   Celebrate #FourthofJuly w/#AmericaOurHome #patriotic CD w/ #Latino twist by my friend benefits 
Sorry i missed u! RT and The VAR Guy - The Rumors Are False. Details: ...   In Denver, CO at the Women's Summit for Obama! Great crowd! Women will decide this election!  
In Nevada today making a stop at AFL CIO canvass kickoff! They are fired up and ready to go!!! Thx for your service! …   Congrats! Thx for your support! RT Look what made its way all the way over to Ireland!  
Very sweet! RT You're beautiful, smart, talented, humble, loving and you have a heart of ...   Love this stuff helps promote #healthyskin and so much more!  $5 shipping too  
Campaigning in Nevada! You can early vote here!   #SCOTUS majority strikes down most of Arizona's Anti-Immigrant #SB1070 in #VICTORY for Constitution! Stay tuned... 
I see u! RT I won't give up, I know you'll notice me one day. I love you so much Eva. ...   Yesterday said he keeps his promises. So don't forget: he promised to veto the DREAM Act. 
I miss U Marcia! RT maybe we will be campaigning for you one day. You go girl!!! xxxooo m  Last day to get $5 shipping or free shipping on orders $99+ on my fave #beauty secret  
Thx! RT You're amazing Appreciate and love everything you do!! :)  Last week to get $5 shipping or free shipping on orders $99+ on my fave #beauty secret  
Campaigning in Nevada today! #Obama2012   Thx! RT It would be the
Amazing energy at UNLV today! The Rebels are going to help us win NV for Vote early and join the club! #UNLVDecides  happiest person in the world if you
In Vegas today encouraging everyone to vote early for Why wait? Find out how to vote early at   answer me Im a big fan of ...  
WATCH- "I'm sick of politicians sticking 'immigrant' next to 'illegal' and 'Latino' like they're synonyms in every sen…   I'll follow! Love me some Craig! RT You should follow my hubby if you don't already. 
Excited to visit UNLV tomorrow at 12 to rally the Rebels to vote early for Don’t miss it!   I miss u already! RT 2 Eva's dancing our Jimmy Choo's off!!! Missing Monaco already!  
Check this out!   Wish i was there! RT OMG! What an amazing night with the girls and ...  
Wow! You guys give great updates! Thank u! Love the support for Obama! I need to get to a tv!!!  Me in my room taking my last breath before I was tied into this gown and could no longer breathe!  
On a plane, sitting on a runway, missing the debate! Watching it later! How's it going??  Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads in the world. But especially to my daddy, Enrique, I love u daddy!!! 
U.S. Navy Adm. John Nathman (ret.) on Romney’s defense budget: “That’s a lot of debt and deficit.”   Miss u too! RT thank you my hermana! Miss you! 
As foreign policy debate begins let's say a prayer for all our troops home and abroad! God Bless our soldiers!  Haha i remember!! RT do you remember when your style was this bad? Thankfully now ...  
"I’m voting for him in 2012 because he did what he said he was going to do.” –Afghanistan veteran, Seth Lovell   Oops I don't know why it disappeared! Here is Wilmer's new twitter! 
The choice is clear on foreign policy issues and this video explains it  be sure to watch!   Hey guys! My brother Wilmer changed his twitter handle! It is now! So follow him here! Miss u Wilmer! 
Believe in your beauty: SHARE THIS VIDEO IF YOU AGREE IT'S TIME FOR A CHANGE  #RedefiningSexy …   Me and in Monte Carlo! Love my Nathan  
23 deaths now! RT Meningitis Exposure Patients Wait and Worry   Please RT Because of President Obama, young people who pledge allegiance to our flag, are raised in ...  
Wow! RT Back at u from Santa Clara but taken February 9, 2012 out my back window with my ...   Because of President Obama, young people who pledge allegiance to our flag, are raised in our schools, contribute to o…  
I will be there soon!! RT Come to New Mexico. (Where I live) The sunsets are a thousand times better than that.  Me taking my last breathe as I get tied into my dress!!!  
Gone...   Haha RT Wait thought it was my room! LOL RT Hey thats my room!! RT ...  
Going going....   Me and Prince Albert surrounded by his body guards on red carpet!  
Nothing like a Malibu sunset...   Hey thats my room!! RT Loving being home  
My prayers got out to the victims of the mall shooting in Milwaukee. God be with you....  Me and Eva La Rue at Jimmyz in Monte Carlo!  
Best bed buddy ever!   Getting ready for the Monte Carlo TV festival! Can't wait for u guys to see the dress!  
Yes it is! RT Good morning All! It's a great day to be alive! All of my children are healthy and ...   This is how I feel after eating all the croissants in France!  
I am, thank u! RT Take good care of your friend !!! god protects she !  Now that's a fruit plate! #monaco  
Just sent u DM RT Would you be willing to send us some cool signed stuff so that we ...   With Prince Albert and Princess Charlene.  
I know! RT You should move to the UK then, we have plenty of rain to go round ;). Even ...   At the palace in Monte Carlo acting crazy!  
Thinking of u RT Eva my husband passed 10yrs ago of Cancer. I'm 81 now and ...   Doing interviews in Monaco! Love this dress!  
Me too! luv the rain! RT Raining in LA! Love it!! Hope it stays like this all weekend... I always ...   Haha u surviving?? RT 3rd day shooting #ReadyForLove Met all 3 matchmakers... These guys are ...  
Thx I'll DM u RT Hi Eva, I'm microbiologist researcher, if you want some helpfull ...   One of my favorite restaurants, holds a very dear place in my heart!  
Thank you guys for all the articles on meningitis, I wish I would retweet all of them because they r so informative. T…   Me and in the lobby of the Hotel De Paris heading out to meet the Prince Albert. 
Thanks to the awesome nurses at St Davids Hospital who r taking care of my dear friend! Here's a pic of the angels! (Y…   Gorgeous shoes!! RT & her magnificent shoes au festival de Monte- Carlo.  
Thank u all for #WeStandWithEva but don't worry about me, I'm strong, let's work as hard as we can to re-elect President Obama! #Obama2012  My favorite new shoe!!! RT Eva in BA "Encanta" sandals!!!  
Really? thank God. This is scary and i appreciate your players. Just the testing process is exhausting on her RT ...   Haha RT Probably the best dinner and conversation in a lonGGG time, thanks for the great time ...  
'I believe empathy is the most essential quality of civilization.'~ Roger Ebert;  With the fans outside the Monte Carlo film festival!  
Got it! RT also in yesterday's news - "Fungal meningitis, steroid tie confirmed"   I miss my beautiful !!!! We had so much fun on Young & Restless!  
Yes CDC seems like most updated site RT go to this web site will tell you about it .   With my old friends from Young & the Restless in Monte Carlo and Eva La Rue! I miss Daytime!!  
Yep my friend is one of them :( RT visit the Centers for Disease Control website for updated ...   #LA #TownHall /Cancer No.2 cause of death w/ #USA #Latino kids /Join 6/12 #Latinos & #Cancer RSVP
Thx RT  Here's a link updated 10 hours ago. Very scary stuff!  …  
Thank u RT heres somehing   In honor of our website launch, next 50 people to comment on latest Facebook page post get a signed headshot…GO! …  
Guys I need your help, please send me any info on fungal meningitis break out. I need the most updated info! Scary stuff. Thank u tweeples!  So excited to launch the Eva Longoria Foundation website today!!! Check us out at   
Great show tonight! sooo good kerry! RT “@LargeLocale: Ugh! This episode is so deep! I can ...   On my way to Monte Carlo for television festival! And to meet Prince Albert! Bon voyage! 
Thank u RT sending lots of love and prayers her way ...,prayer changes things all the time  Check out great blog! Very funny! RT Catch the latest on new blog! Mommy Couture ...  
Visiting my friend in hospital in Texas, she's one of the meningitis cases, please pray for her! I'll be off twitter r…   At the City Year Corps Member graduation! Amazing kids helping our youth in schools! I applaud each of you!  
Very important! RT Did you get to see 's update in braast exams and her recent tortuous ...   So proud of my girl Olivia and her pr firm, follow her xoxo 
Let's close this conversation with a focus on the real issues, not tweets. For women, it's about equal pay, the econom…   Make a Stand for HOPE our PADRES Contra El Cáncer 5K Run/Walk on 6/24 Show support by registering/donating TODAY  
U r a champion Holly! RT #Onlyontwitter can u go from years of fighting for families to being ...   Free shipping on orders $99+ or $5 flat rate under $99 until 6/21 only on my fave Isotonix.   
Loren u are amazing! RT Here's a great read for Breast Cancerr awareness month from Loren Ridinger ...   U can always learn! RT I wish I knew sign language! 
Thx Jordan RT sorry for the way my fellow #Republicans can treat you, but seriously, ...   #SiSePuedeattheBoxOffice #ForGreaterGlory makes Top10 movie list. #GoSeeIt   
Yep RT that goes for Conservatives too, people with big platforms should b careful what ...   Get 'em Kenny! RT FAIR IS FAIR! Help RT #captionTHIS and help close caption news and media videos on the ...  
Im sure youre right, the xtreme left doesnt represent all Dems either RT anger comes from ...   We did it! Thanks for supporting my movie! We made #TOP10 last weekend #FORGREATERGLORY #GoSeeIt this #weekend starts 
But i dont condemn it RT Is really a poor example of a "strong woman" since she condemns ...   Meet the inspiring young artist featured in and support the non profit that tells her story  
Anytime! RT thank you so much for clarifying and explaining, take a big person (and ...   FOR GREATER GLORY debuts in Top Ten this weekend! NPR: "For Greater Glory" opened at No. 10 with $1.8 million in 757 t…  
Thx amanda! RT you are a role model for many women young to old and one of our fav ...   So fun!! RT Thanks to everyone who participated in the commercial! Especially our stars and 
I dont bash prolife women, im against the govt that decides that for u, big difference RT ...   Can't believe my message about Kathryn Joosten didn't post two days ago! I posted "My heart and prayers go out to the …  
I agree, we have to come together as a country! mo matter who wins! RT your a beautiful ...   On set with and for Lays!  
Always surprised by the wild anger on the extreme right, that misrepresent the entire Republican Party. I have lots of…   On set of Lays shoot with and in NYC!  
I hear u Dallas, i can respect that RT yes but u RT vulgar lies and hate...u hav many ...   Otra cancion increible! RT  
Agree RT don't vote on the candidate vote on the values they hold  TODAY! Going to see #ForGreaterGlory w/ and Andy Garcia. Find out where it's playing in YOUR CITY  
I retweet many people I don't agree with for the purpose of discussion and dialogue, that’s democracy...and boy did this create dialogue!  At the shoot. In heaven with all these shoes!  
Agree! RT This is an election not #fightclub ;)  Love waking up with my parents in my house! This is us morning after premier at 5am! They're on Texas time! Yes, no ma…  
I use Twitter as a platform for all Americans and their opinions. Sorry if people were offended by retweet. Obviously …   Haha! Me too! RT EVA! Bring your Mom and Dad to the shoot tomorrow for a family ...  
Agree RT It's OK to disagree but it's NOT OK to advocate violence.  Who's going? My movie opens this weekend #ForGreaterGlory stars Watch Trailer: …  
Is this true?? RT .@EvaLongoria New Yorker: Tagg 's Dad bullied/mocked gays/FORCIBLY cut hair of HS ...   Me with the gorgeous and Don't they look great!  
Yes that was one lol! RT saw a rt about Donald trump having an opinion on Robert ...   Mom and Dad are here for premier of For Greater Glory! Aren't they cute!  
Omg i remember this! ha! RT In sickness... All ready! Great job and !!! And Charlene my stylist for the dress!  
10.18.08 Me and Team Eva and getting ready for Greater Glory premier tonight!  
@craigfields in a Puerto Rico hospital after ...   Its the best!! RT I LOVE our Pro 750 + the Hurom Slow Juicer! There is NO reason not to ...  
Thoughts?? RT Romney son jokes about "Taking a swing" at the President?? NOT funny... via   Sorry Harvizle! Thx for tweeting! RT was so upset that i didnt get a picture last night ...  
Wow I wish people would read more carefully. I said my twitter was acting up THIS morning only...  Thank u for being here with me! RT Congrats to my girl for Women of the Year:) go baby 
Thx! RT you are an amazing woman and a role model that many women should be proud of.. Love you <3  Love u Kelly! RT Me and my girls in London at awards  
Yep RT I don't care what anyone says you didn't write that Eva people just like annoying you and twisting things  Here I am with my Glamour UK Woman of the Year Award!!  
I know many of u are having voter/election fatigue with all the political tweets! Election almost here then we will be…   Me and the gorgeous !! Congrats baby!  
I did not write that, fact check! RT Courage: tweets (then deletes) women and minorities ...   Here is David Gandy and I doing our Zoolander faces! Lol!  
I never have RT you think being a bully and calling people stupid and ...   My heel just broke at Glamour UK Awards! Haha, I feel down all by myself in the bathroom! No one saw me, so I was laug…  
And for the record I have never personally called any conservative women stupid. I think u are all beautiful and stron…   A Rollingstone! A real life one! And Rod Stewart!  
I knew it! RT Yes. It's been acting up for about three hours now. :(  Lol RT Do I detect lust in those eyes? RT Me & the most ...  
I think so! RT Maybe you were hacked. Change your password!  Me and the gorgeous David Gandy at the Glamour UK Awards!  
Is anyone else's twitter bugging out? There are things in my timeline I didn't retweet today. Hmmm? Standby trying to fix!  Me and the gorgeous Latinas at Glamour UK Awards and the most Latin one !! Ha!  
thx L Frank!!  Me and my sister arriving at the GlamourUK woman of the Year Awards!  
Thx Lindsay!  Love this dress! RT wears at   
Awesome! RT I was happy to do my presentation on you!!   Love this photo! RT has picked up a few style tips in Paris and in this snap like ...  
You are awesome !!!  Haha love it! RT A present for U!!!! Do you like? <3  
Thx! RT May today,for you be filled with happiness,love,smiles,and positivity. Hope ...   Thx! RT Q: How beautiful was the red carpet dress that wore last night? A: Very  
Besos! RT I've been trying to get a tweet from you all dayyy:(  Merci a for your hard work on our live auction and L'Arc for hosting party. 
Awwww RT Penny the Devil   Last night couldn't have been possible without our presenting sponsor of Thank you 
Im gonna try! RT hope you really consider speaking at the #Latina women's Conference in #Fresno next year!!  Thank you once again for your beautiful venue and amazing support to the 
U make me proud! RT You make me Proud to be Latino! Thank You!  Thank you for an amazing job tonight! Merci beaucoup mon ami! I'm forever grateful! 
So cute! RT Molly the Witch   Even though I'm in France, I honor all those veterans and soldiers who serve our great country of the United States! …  
Thank u! RT You ARE SOOOOOOOO #BEAUTIFUL!  Check out new Style Network Special Fashion Mob tonight at 8pst/est, 7c  
Thk u! RT “@EvaLongoria: Me and Carolina Herrera for Key for the Cure event! ...   Here with Omar et Fred from Ce Ke Du Bonheur! We are making a heart with our hands!  
Love this! RT An Inconvenient Truth  is my latest for  Me and the most amazing singer Jennifer! She's beautiful! And sings like an angel!  
Me and Carolina Herrera for Key for the Cure event!   Me and the girls at the  
Love Deepak!   Getting ready for in my room. Wearing gorgeous Reem Acra dress! I like? Hope so because I can't breath!  
Love Deepak!   More gorgeous flowers at The Four Seasons George V  
Me and at Key to the Cure Dinner!   Avec  
At the Key to the Cure dinner hosted by Saks and Carolina Herrera!   Je suis tres excite!!! RT En attendant ce matin en direct sur 8:35 
Omg this freaked me out! RT not sure whose dog, but I like it!   The flowers here at George V in Paris are gorgeous and done by the great Jeff Letham! Check these out!  
Cute! RT Happy 'Moo-oween' from Jack   Just arrived in Paris for the benefitting the Eva Longoria Foundation here at George V! This was in my…  
Omg hilarious! RT #petcostume   Thank you! RT Saw "For Greater Glory" last night. This movie taught me so much and ...  
Anyone notice anything about this sign??   Yes u are! RT #Longorians are ROCKING the world!!! fans are THE BEST ! ? 
Too cute! RT #nugget as a #pinkhippo ??   Thank u! RT Watching on #RealTime from a couple of weeks ago. She’s such a class ...  
Okay great pumpkin pics now time for pet costumes! I will retweet the best ones! This should be good!  Wow Hello Lebanon!!RT HUGE Ad using image. God you look so adroable. You ...  
Hello South Africa! RT #WELOVEYOU you are AMAZING live all the way from South Africa #Obsessed  Eres lobaaaaa!!! RT Hola 
Thats a good one! RT Hey I found this cute   Miss u guys! RT Just posted a pic of & I behind the scenes at our EW shoot on Facebook!  
Bonjour! RT You are my favorite actress. You are so beauty. I love Desperate ...   I said we are NOT a monolithic group. We are diverse and different in many beautiful ways! RT I didnt ...  
Thx Alicia! RT These are scary thoughts...@evalongoria Give it 2 us ...   Un placer a conocerte guapa! RT Que gran mujer !!!  
Dont go! RT Good Morning! Leaving NYC and off to Ken Paves Salon Michigan! So nice to go through the ...   With one of the most amazing Chefs in Espana! Thank you Dani Garcia!  
Lol RT Fox news said moderator tainted the debate by being factual.  Press conference was a great success for with and en Marbella, Espana!!! 
Thank you to everyone with an educated opinion. Who do you think won??  Press conference went great! RT y en Rueda de Prensa en #Marbella cc ...  
Why because im educated about the issues?? funny my entire philanthropy centers Around Latinas. RT ...   Gracias!! RT welcome to Spain again and kisses from your spanish fanclub! Guapa!! 
Landslide victory for Obama. We saw one President for all Americans on that stage tonight, Barack Obama. #Forward  Love this! RT Attributed to Marilyn Monroe: "If you can't handle me at my worst, then you don't deserve me at my best." 
Agree baby! no one should be disrespect opinions! RT Sleep tight! Everyone peace with each other ...   Please do! Its freezing! RT coming to London Friday to do Diamond Jubilee media. Will ...  
Mitt Romney just completely lied on his stance on contraception – he would put your boss between women and their docto…   I was there!!! Love Top Shop! RT Saw in #Topshop today, niiiiice surprise man 
Very proud of our President, -- #TeamBarack  Love these buses in London!  
If there is one issue where is on the right side and is offering a #SketchyDeal, it’s immigration. End of story.  In London, don't u love the Brian Atwood purple shoes??  
Romney’s tax plan would either raise middle class taxes or explode the deficit—it’s one or the other:  #SketchyDeal  Just arrived in London, it's cold and rainy...what else is new London?? haha 
Ten things you should know about #RealRomney’s extreme stance on women’s rights:   Thank u Savannah! RT it would mean the world to me if you read my "Goodbye Wisteria ...  
Who is #RealRomney? Not the bipartisan he says he is. Wonder what role he’ll play tonight.   Thank you once again for your generous support in Cannes! 
Agree RT Obama needs to be able to defend his record and how it will move us forward. ...   Thanks for the support of the exclusive network  which has teamed up, once again, with my foundati…  
My pleasure! RT Thank u for presenting me with the humanitarian award at the Ruben ...   Thank u Savannah! RT it would mean the world to me if you read my "Goodbye Wisteria ...  
So proud to give the Mandala Humanitarian award to my dear friend You are such an inspiration to me!   Pouring rain, doing the Today show wearing my dear friend dress!  
Who is watching the debate tonight? All opinions welcome and respected. I'm anxious to see what you guys think!!  Me and Ann Curry on the Today show, but it was yesterday! Haha 
Team Eva finally back together! and I love u guys!!   One of my favorite desserts here in France! They are little wild strawberries, soooo good!!  
Follow my girl and watch Nashville on Wednesday night on ABC! Awesome show!!!  On my balcony in Cannes, gorgeous view! Like the dress? #CannesElectric Loreal  
Good one! RT Haha look at this funny one #pumpkin   On Le Grand Journal with the cast of Madagacsar Ben Stiller, Jada Pinkett Smith, Chris Rock, and Davus Schwimmer!!  
This one is cool!! RT here ya go, friends first!   Arriving with the fans of the festival! #CannesElectric  
Haha! RT here are my Barack Obama and picachu pumpkins :) took ages!   Me and and Frida Pinto on the top of the stairs of the Palais!  
Now thats a cute pumpkin! RT   Love my Damiani earrings!! Aren't they gorgeous?  
Hey everybody! Send me pics of your Halloween pumpkins! One of my favorite holidays!  Great photo walking down the stairs with my bodyguard keeping me from falling!!!  
Sorry I don't have security haha  Took a picture with French policemen right before the red carpet of Cannes! U like the dress??  
Very sweet! RT can u pls read this?:)?   Outside the Hotel Martinez with the fans! #CannesElectricLoreal  
I'm very excited to see my friend to present him with an humanitarian award. Well deserved!!  Having lunch on the terrace with Loreal in Cannes! Gorgeous weather! #CannesElectric!  
Thx! RT is killing it in November mag! Que bella! nice to see a role model and ...   Beautiful morning on the rooftop of Martinez Hotel with #lorealcannes #canneselectric  
I see u! RT can you answer these questions? I am your biggest fan in England and I wish you would see me!  Just climbed the mythical Red Stairs of Cannes.Such a huge emotion, and what a fantastic Electric look! #Cannes2012 …  
Yay! Enjoy!nRT As u promised ur #EvaMOUR fragrance is available in France now. Lots of Love xoxo  Just arrived at the red carpet #Cannes2012 signing autographs!  
hey answer your phone!  This is the biggest red carpet in the world! U like the dress?? #CannesLoreal  
U too! RT Love seein my fly fierce friends ...   Leaving my room onto the Cannes Red Carpet! What do u think?? Train a little long??  
Haha RT twins?? Sista from another mista??  Getting ready to look Electric on the Red Carpet #Cannes2012 #lorealcannes #canneselectric  
I know! RT U 2 really look like sisters on the pic! Had to do a double take!  Here in #Cannes2012 with #insideLoreal, and Cyril Chapuy on the L'Oreal Penthouse roof.  
Me and the beautiful at Black Girls Who Rock event!   Just landed at Cannes, ready for 3 exciting Electric days at the Festival with L'Oréal Paris! …  
Me and my sister at Black Girls Who Rock event! So proud of u babe!   Who's Going? hosting screenings in TX,AZ,CA & FL of my movie this week! Opens June 1. RSVP  
I love big hair! RT big hair is always fab and Eva Longoria is rocking it for Latina mag November ...   Miss u too! RT For such a little person, you pack a ton! In NYC with my ...  
Thx RT I love this pic. So generous! I love you for that! #PADRESContraElCancer2010   On my way to Cannes Film Festival for Loreal! Too much luggage???  
Always a Buc! RT Once a Buc always a...?   Me and jumping out of the rain into a cab in NYC!!  
OMG i've never seen this one! love it! RT & Here is my favorite picture! ...   So excited to go to the Cannes Festival with L’Oréal Paris! Follow me backstage from May 16th! 
Women you have to watch this video! Well you men can watch too...   speaking in NYC! #Obama2012  
Great article!   thx Eric! RT Congrats on an incredible run with Desperate Housewives.Well deserved and conti…  
Im coming to Istanbul soon! RT Hey! I love you Eva, I'm from Turkey and Turkish people love you too :) xx  So nice meeting u today! RT NBC Up Front - new shows picked up for fall !!!! with  
Thank u You're awesome!  wow thx! RT <---- An important, element of TV history! As a colleague and fan, Congrtz. …  
Omg that's my baby picture! lol RT You taught me to follow my dreams and mean ...   thank u babe! RT Congrats to my beautiful friend on a great run of DH. thanks for the entertainment babe! 
Thank u for all u do for our country! RT Hello! Eva , could this US Marine please get ...   love u my sister! RT SOOOOO proud of & inspired by my blessed sister - closing a chapter…  
Thank u! Love it! RT Please tell me if you like it. xo   thank u! RT So sorry to see Desperate Housewives and ladies of Wisteria Lane go. …  
Haha RT So when are you signing my adoption papers?  introducing our great President of the United States!  
Eva by Eva RT i've always wondered, what perfume do you wear?? ^-^ loveyou! #replyplease !  Sitting with some gorgeous blondes and #NBC  
I see u! RT SEE ME Eva!! I love you sooo much #Housewives for life!! Best dramedy on television NOTHING compares!!  Stars from NBC's Smash are singing on stage at upfronts here in NYC!  
?RT Single mom making it through college cannot make it without #Obamacare and his ...   I'm sitting next to some pretty cool chics today at NBC upfronts!  
Love u guys! RT I'm so happy you tweet with your fans, you are just amazing! We love ...   love this photo! RT The end of an era! #DHfinale  
Bisous! RT you're my model ! You inspire me ! Je vous aime, Bisous ?  thank u babe! RT Congrats to my girl for an amazing run on D.H.! You made me & many Lati…  
Haha no he doesnt! RT Thought I'd restart DH again #timeless #classic #nostalgia poor old ...   Thx RT you have been my favourite actress for the last 8 years! Going to miss watching you! 
Thx! RT  EVA LONGORIA COVERS LATINA MAGAZINE & LOOKS SUPERGORGE DOING IT! ...   Thats true! RT I am so much prettier 
Merci! RT The only star who is near her fans , it's ! We love you so much. Tu es la meilleure ...   Miss u already! RT Watching the #DH finale w/ Hosted by Our last hoorah!  
Happy Birthday Savannah! RT I'm turning 18 ...   Thank u! RT Goodbye Wisteria Lane, i'm so sad right now :( thank you for the past 8 years ...  
Awww RT #flashbackfriday #JaquiObradors and Me! #LatinasRepresentin !   Thx! RT #Desperatehousewives has been my gayest guilty pleasure. No wait! ..I got ...  
Love this! RT "When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes ...   Haha! So Eva! RT don't you love that Gabby comes back in the house with just flower plant! Sooo Gaby! 
I want to say I respect everyone's political opinions no matter which side u r on. That's what makes our country great…   It kinda looks like u RT That's not me  
Sorry my spell check doesnt do spanish ? RT you misspelled cortadito  love this! RT It's here! RT if you're watching on the series finale tonigh…  
Uh oh is it From Spain? RT Good afternoon from Spain! Enjoy your coffee, kiss  Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing moms in the world, especially mine! I love you mama! 
Hi! RT I heard that you read all the tweets from your fans! So if you see this say hi! ?xx  Thank u JR! RT Congratulations to our girl on an uncredibly successful run! You are the best …  
Love being in Miami just for the Cuban coffee in the morning! Cortidito!!!   Who is ready for series finale of Desperate Housewives?!! I cant believe it's the end of an era! What was your favorite Desperate moment?? 
Go SA! RT San Antonio's economy keeps getting stronger!  Please follow my friend from France! Mon ami Nikos a bientot!!! 
I grew up lower middle class actually. So I'm happy Obama is for building the middle class, not ...   Meant to say it uses a magnet! 
Actually i came from lower middle class -happy Obama wants to give middle class tax cuts! RT ...   Check out my nails! It's a magnetic polish that has iron bits and you use a magnetic to create designs! Pretty cool!  
Great job Martha! RT With my son and his friend on stage after the debate!   Thanks for continuing to support Eva’s Heroes! 
Every channel declaring a Biden victory! Biden def delivered the facts tonight and held Ryan accountable for the lies! #TeamJoe  Watch me tonight on on HBO!  
Wow interesting RT and here's the polling on Latinos & abortion. #latism   I'm here with She's beating my face with her smokey eyes!!! 
are you watching the same debate as the rest of the country?! Ha!  Who is ready for series finale on Sunday? #DesperateHousewives 
I love how Ryan doesn't answer the questions when asked for details he can't give them!  Increible! RT Edu Cruz Gpsproject Beautiful Killer Remix Madonna, Nicki Minaj, Deadmau5  on #SoundCloud 
Paul Ryan cannot cope with giving details - he has no facts, but he's also struggling to give any details. #DetailsMatter #FactsMatter  Its !!!! RT Look stunning, i love this dress  
Lol RT Finally real reason i see why picked because got a A+ in ...   Thank u! RT Simply Beautiful!!!  
Martha Raddatz is best moderator ever!!!  So excited 2 b on w/@amandadecadenetÂ tonight! 11/10c on
Ryan voted for the policies that crashed the economy. #FactsMatter  @lifetimetv.Will u b watching?Â 
Finally the truth comes out and Ryan is called on his BS!! Go Joe Biden! #ObamaBiden2012  This is an incredible day in the history of civil rights in America. I applaud President and all he has …  
Our great President! Moving our country forward! #Obama2012   Here's a sneak peek at the backstage of Letterman!  
At Obama for America event with in Miami! #Obama2012   In the dressing room at David Letterman! Wearing a gorgeous dress by my great dear friend  
Haha RT A good Texas girl should know that is a combine. It is used to harvest grain crops.  Arriving at the Late Show with David Letterman! Be sure to watch tonight!  
Pic of me on the tractor with Howard Buffet! I drove this!   Look who I met in the green room of the View! E.L. James author of Shades of Grey! Who is reading this? Or read it?  
I am having most random day. Started in Philly, landed in Decatur and met Tony Blair, spent day on a tractor with Howa…   In the green room at the View! Last time I'll be on talking about Desperate Housewives! Watch the View Friday!  
Thanks for having me! RT .@EvaLongoria Thanks for your talk yesterday. We hope to see you again soon.  Me and on this morning! Love her!  
Hey today is 10-11-12 Pretty cool!  I look so small on this couch! Haha  
Awww thx Ethan! RT i'm really intrigued to see if I can find anyone at all in the whole world that is ...   On set of In in 12minutes! #desperareHousewives  
OMG did people really believe Obama dedicated a monument to Hugo Chavez? Cesar Chavez people! Cesar! He was a hero to …   Just arrived I'll be on at 8am! Series Finale of Desperate Housewives this Sunday!! #KissThemGoodbye 
Love the streets of Philadelphia at 430am in the morning...what a beautiful city...  Sleepy, getting ready for Good Morning America  
Amazing video, I love the song "Breaking Away" I'm breaking away in my life! #ElleSpain   Bid on a copy of The Beauty Book 4 Brain Cancer signed by me and others or a signed poster at  Pr…  
Thank u! RT everything you do is inspiring! Just wanted to thank you for being the ...   Ok how's my form everybody?? ??  
Wrong school babe, i was at UPenn RT I can't believe you support a school ...   Me and 's team on the gold course! Don't you love the pink pants!  
Some photos for you on stage at Wharton in Philly!   Check me out golf tournament doing gymnastics with my teammate Michael from Dallas! Pretty impressive!  
Thank you Wharton-University of Pennsylvania for having me speak today! I'm so inspired by all the students I spoke to…   RT At George Lopez's gold tournament in toluca lake! With Andy Garcia too! So fun!  
Thank you U are right, some people should respect all opinions and voices, that's the American way!  On golf cart! How crazy does this look??  
Thank u! RT just wanted to say I love you! And being such a good spokesperson for #potus #obama #yourbeautiful  On George Lopez's golf cart! How crazy does this look??  
Happy birthday !!! I love you brother! #MarioBday  At George Lopez's gold tournament in toluca lake! With Andy Garcia too! So fun!  
Lol! love this! RT close your eyes and count your shoes ;)  Love it! RT We are just like you and !! <3  
Ugh hate jet lag. Can't sleep...  Hey everybody please follow my good friend Miss you Kevin!!! 
Thx Ida! RT you inspire me and i look up to you! ?U! Thx! RT hi Eva.. I know you will not answer but i want to tell u that you are my idol and you'r amazing :)) 
It would be the best day of my ...   Demi I love the new twitter name It's perfect! 
Inspiring monument to Cesar Chavez dedicated today by President Obama. Proud to see this finally happening! …   Happy bday! RT HAPPY BIRTHDAY ILY!!  
I see u! RT Why doesn't ever reply to me when I literally am her biggest fan ever :( ...   Happy Cinco de Mayo, it is more than a drinking holiday! Read great article!  
Love it! RT Excited about Magazine's November 2012 Issue: Cover, Photos, and ...   Tonight special interview with at At 7pm/6c on 
My sister was amazing on this week! Great defense of why diversity is important in schools!!  This is how I'm spending my first week off of DH! #TexasHomeSweetHome  
Needed a change! RT Omg ! I love your new icon ? You're so pretty ?  Thx! RT Just Interviewed and Andy Garcia for their new film 'For Greater Glory'. ...  
Best debate! must watch! RT Jon Stewart's best lines from his Bill O'Reilly debate   Press day with the beautiful Andy Garcia for our movie For Greater Glory coming out June 1st!  
Hahaha RT Ummmm, hi joe, saturday night fever is movie, not a fashion movement #rhonj  Lol! RT They filmed a whole reenactment! He was so excited he ran back & told the ...  
Me and my sister Liza in the photo booth last night! We are styling!   Thx! RT deserves her first Emmy! #TroopLongoria, go vote for Mama Longoria here: ...  
I love being home in Texas with my daddy! Don't ya love his hat?? #TrueTexan   Women must watch! RT "Rights that women felt were settled for nearly a generation have suddenly ...  
Thank you to my brother for hosting our Casino Night here in San Antonio! Love u!  Gorgeous farewell cover of TV Guide! Check it out!!  
Thank you for mc'ing our Texas Hold 'em Poker tourney for You are the best and I love u!  Did u tell Guillermo we saw him in he car??RT Just had a ball with & Guillermo! ...  
U inspire me! RT met tonite!!! amazing woman!! she's an actress #scholar!!!  Lol! RT LOL!! "Give me that cape, you look like Batman!!" #desperatehousewives 
Me and and with his 13th WSOP bracelet! Thx Phil for always hosting our Eva's Heroes C…   Thx!RT Any word couldn't be able to describe how much I love you ...  
Boxing against my pal in #KinectSportsUltimate on He's going down! #EvasHeroesXbox   Great wrap party - tons of #DesperateHousewives moments to celebrate! Thx #XboxLive & for helping us celebr…  
With my family at Eva's Heroes Casino night! By   Getting ready for Desperate Housewives wrap party given by Xbox! Team Eva in the house! and@MakeupByElan  
I'm kicking butt on LIVE right now! Just got a spare in bowling on #KinectSportsUltimate! #XboxEvasHeroes   Interesting, people should know more about Marco Rubio.  
Join me now on LIVE to play against me on #KinectSportsUltimate in support of Friend gamertag EvaKi…   Oops i meant you Piers! RT Whoaa. Wait a minute young lady. Did last night mean nothing? RT ...  
On my way to Casino Night for Eva's Heroes! And I will be playing Kinect Sport for live as well! See u soon!  Haha! RT That awkward moment when tries to muscle in on your hot date night ...  
Cant wait to see u Phil! RT Hello San Antonio, and ! Lets raise ...   U too! RT #nerdprom #whcd nice meeting you. Love your passion for education, Latino ...  
Im ready! RT Hello San Antonio, and ! Lets raise $750,000 today for ...   Me and my favorite CNN man  
Nope i did not. RT is it true u stared out with barbizon modeling school? i was gonna go ...   Who likes Hunger Games? Look who I ran into at WHCD!  
You're right! i forgot about menudo! RT but TEXAS is where the heart is...I just luv this ...   Just met at my table at the white house dinner.  
Early flight to San Antonio for the Casino Night by tonight! With my bro Who will be there??  Getting ready for White House Correspondence dinner!  
I never thought I'd call LA home. But it always feels good to be here, in my bed, in my house, with my dog...  Yesterday with my parents and a cake from all my friends for Desperate farewell!  
God Bless him! RT : Please send a tweet for my deployed husband, Brad. I am taking pictures of the tweets  College Students, dont be fooled! We need to keep the interest rates down, but not at the expense of women's health! D…  
OMG you went out in SA? RT Early birthday surprise in San Antonio... #Gracias!   She wrapped on Tuesday! RT where is Teri????? 
So true RT Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realise they were the big things. - Robert Brault  The beautiful signing at our wrap last night! What an amazing woman to work with over the last 2 years!  
Join me and at in Miami for his last fundraising event  #Obama2012   love you Maddie! RT I'm too numb to cry. I love you guys - - You are an f…  
Godbless! RT Today I am cancer free for 5-years! Any chance for a Retweet? Celebrating tonight - Life is good!  Me and holding each other so tight! She kept me standing for the last 8 years! I love u Flicka!  
Thank u I had the best time! Good luck to you guys!  Me and the beautiful Marcia Cross! Crying our eyes out!  
Gorgeous view of Waiheke! Thank u New Zealand for being so beautiful!   Bye bye trailer! All cleared out and empty! Ready for another actor to move in!  
Look they don't have hamburgers here at McDonalds, they have Lamburgers!!   Me and the greatest tv husband anyone could have Ricardo Chavira!  
Not good! RT Romney Would End Deferred Action Program if Elected  #daca #immigration #belatino #latism  That's a wrap! End of an era! #desperatehousewives  
You baby! RT What do u think about a women president?  Me and our amazing camera crew!  
I'm in New Zealand watching the presidential debate! Obama is killing it on health care! #Obama2012  Thank you #Fatburger for making the last day on the set of Desperate Housewives special!  
Agree! RT Dear CNN, Thank God! RT Violence Against Women Act overwhelmingly passes Senate  
Those squiggly lines moving across the screen are incredibly annoying.. Ooops i meant big hug! Lol! RT Thinking of you!!! Let me know if you need anything gorgeous!!! 
Sincerely, Hi babe! Yes I'll need a bug hug! RT Thinking of you!!! Let me know if you need anything gorgeous!!! 
We The People  Today is the day, the end has finally arrived... I will be crying all day! #LastDayOnSet 
I find such a champion in President Obama - and so do millions of American women. I’m proud to be a Woman for Obama: …   Ok I got to ride the new Transformer ride at Universal Studios! Its not open to public yet! But OMG what an awesome ri…  
I'm getting a hongi from a Maori in New Zealand! It's their greeting that shares the breathe of life!   That's a wrap of Stage 17! One of our many stages! 4 more days til the end!! #waaaah  
At the cocktail party for The Shopping Channel with amazing dancers! Yes I look scared!   Today is EarthDay!Be the solution-not the cause Please RT  
Now this is a shoe!   Can't remember if I posted this photo! All the DH girls on Gabby's porch! Tomorrow is day 4 count down! :(((  
And to bungy off the Harbour Bridge, also not gonna happen Kiwis!  #Gogreen for #EarthDay and get a shirt! Every product will #saveameter of the #rainforest …  
Ok Kiwis, consensus says to jump off the Sky Tower! Well I can tell you that won't happen! Haha  Follow & RT this! 
On Oct. 6 at 8pm CST, find gamertag EvaKinectSports & join me in the Game with Fame to play #KinectSportsUltimate!  Hey Everybody! Have u seen this?  is AMAZING! I need you to MOB this cute little boy with HOPE! 
1 day left in challenge! Who’s with me??? Play for my team to support my Foundation. #everywordcounts …   Wanna meet any of these 3 amazing guys? Go to  #ReadyForLove  
Now that I am here in New Zealand what must I see in Auckland? Suggestions Kiwis??  So sorry i missed u when i was signing! RT I waited all day to see you and refused an ...  
Just landed in New Zealand! Sooo beautiful here! Can't wait to see everybody for the launch of The Shopping Channel New Zealand!  Lol no shes not! RT Me&My cuzn was arguing bout tha lady that acted as Alejandro's ...  
Thx! RT Played 500 words so far in the Celebrity Challenge. #EveryWordCounts for ...   This is me after a long day of Desperate Housewives! Today was the last time I will shoot on Gaby's front porch! …  
Boarding my flight for New Zealand! So excited for 14 hours of sleep! See you guys when I land!  Thx! RT You looks so beautiful - [ and I'm so excited about your new Show for NBC! 
I’m in 3rd place in challenge! Join my team to support and help me reach #1!!! Congrats! RT Just read such an incredible review of #YouHaveNoIdea on So overjoyed 2 hear ...  
…   Okay to be fair im not wearing shoes and he's wearing heels! RT Look who I found! Tall, white and ...  
Find my gamertag EvaKinectSports then join me in the Game with Fame to play #KinectSportsUltimate on 10/6 at 8PM!  Look who I found! Tall, white and handsome !!! Geez could he be any taller!  
Close game Fun playing you in the challenge and good luck against Snoop next round  This National Co-Chair is thrilled to launch President Obama understands our community & values: …  
Amazing. The DREAM Act would add $329 billion to U.S. economy. And would veto it!  #DREAMeconomy  Hey everybody, just joined Facebook! Go to her page  and check it out! 
Love this pic! RT Me and my gangsters.   I got hot and took off my uggs on set. #DH  
Thx Vice!RT Thank you for coming by TAO and rocking the mic with me! “@EvaLongoria: At ...   Ok here is another photo from set! 8 days left :( Me and  
At for the Official #PADRES Gala After Party!  Me and on set of DH! You will be in for a surprise for season finale! Love Ros!!!  
One of our beautiful little angels from Padres, how cute is she?!   The word Humanity is made out of card board! Isn't it beautiful?!  
Me and Olympic gold medalist Kerri Walsh Jennings at Padres Gala in Vegas! What an honor! And Eddy Olmos!   Ooops here is the photo!  
and I at the for the Padres Gala!   Here I am on the panel!  
Just landed in Vegas and I'm so excited for tonight for the Padres Gala See you there!  Speaking at the Engineering and Humanity Week at SMU in Dallas TEXAS! Great discussion today, thank you Hunt Institute! 
Just landed in Vegas! RT #PADRESGala afterparty TONIGHT! Amazing cause, so happy ...   Buy a shirt-change a life. This week U can send a child fighting cancer 1 of Jessie Rees' JoyJars. RIP Jessie. Luv,Eva…  
J'aime et que vous manquez de France! J'arrive bientôt!!  How can anyone be against equal pay for WOMEN? Ladies, thoughts??  
Best Wishes Nick and Cat!! On set with all the crazies! My outfit makes me look like a banana!  
RT Eva! My friend is getting married and is a MASSIVE fan. Any ...   My chat with is now live discussing all things …who’s thirsty?!  
Merci beaucoup mon ami! RT I love you <3 Je t'aime :p  Love these babe! RT Eva workin a heel and some legs!!!@EvaLongoria  
Can't wait to see my girl beautiful jewelry on from 6 to 8pm and EST and 2am to 4am today!!! Tune in!  Love this! RT That's soo cute Cody :D lol 
Join my team in the Celebrity Challenge  #everywordcounts for the Eva Longoria Foun…   @EvaLongoria look ;)  
Merci! RT Eva je t'adore !!!!??  Happy Easter everybody!!!! 
Thank u Germany! RT did an amazing job on red! So proud of you and your history! GERMANY LOVES YOU  I know but it will be available soon for Europe i promise! RT What a pity that the European ...  
Join me Saturday 9/29 for Official #PADRESGala After Party   Haha RT Shoe-feat! On Broadway NY with JR, loren ridinger! Who wins?  
On stage with Carlos Slim who has given over $6 billion dollars to causes close to his heart. #CGI   Gorgeous day in NYC! 
Me presenting to Carlos Slim for his philanthropy at the Clinton Global Initiative tonight!   Wow thank u! RT I saw today on Times Square probably the most beautiful woman on the planet 
It was an honor! RT introducing Carlos slim now at #CGI2012  was amazing in Evita! Everyone has to come to NYC to see him on Broadway! Te quiero Ricky!  
Love your work! keep it going mama! RT Amazing meeting the one and only can't wait to ...   Me and my sister at Evita!  
What?? RT Mitt Romney doesn’t get why airplane windows don’t open. Really, Mitt?   On my way to see in Evita! Can't wait to see how amazing he is! #Evita 
No I'm not there but Kerry is! RT I wish we can see and on #Emmys #RedCarpet together <3  Just wrapped my busy day with in NYC!  
Yep! One week! RT Eva Longoria (@EvaLongoria) may soon be in New Zealand!  Sipping on with on her stoop in Brooklyn! #spon  
If you haven't submitted your flavor ideas yet, please hurry. My taste buds are tingling with anticipation! …   Wow this article is crazy! Ladies what are your thoughts??  
Me and my family!   Live from Times Square serving up free sips of new – tasting is believing! #spon  
Another great pic from Alma Awards with my girls Ana Ortiz, America Ferrera, and Justina Machado! #LatinaPower   Whose in Times Square?? Be there in 5 min with PepsiNext, 
Great photo of me and from the Alma Award!   I'm running into everyone here at Fox and Friends! Look who else is here!  
Thx! RT loved the show was awesome George was handsome Eva was gorgeous  Happy Good Friday my fellow Catholics! #GoodFriday 
My sister Liza working on an art project! I love her so much!!   Just landed on the east coast. Turning New Yorkers into believers tomorrow in Times Sq. with tuned! 
My beautiful friend sent me democratic cookies! Haha! Thx Kerry I love them!   Up early in NY getting my face on and hair did! Weather is amazing here! Can't wait to be in Times square!#PepsiNext  
How many "mis-steps" can Romney have before the American people finally realize he's not the one to lead the country! …   I am up!RT Ready to start the day :) New York here we come :). Lots to do with miss@EvaLongoria ;) wake up mama !!! 
What our country needs is in this pic. What would you write? Send your own #ForAll pics & I'll RT the best ones! …   Thank u! RT I can't say in words how much i adore u and all the DH.i grew up with u ...  
Lol! RT is hot!!! She's on "Chelsea Lately" and wow I'll turn straight for her anytime! She's a sweetheart  Can't wait to see my girl in NYC! Ready or not here I come! 
Thank u for a great interview!!! Watch tonight!  Don't forget to watch tonight on ABC for the premier of #Scandal !! She's amazing! You will love the show! 
Backstage at with Chuy!   Thx! RT Hello! I love your interview with Katie Couric (@katiecouric) on "Good Morning America" (@GMA)! 
Check out my interview w/ about the dinner I hosted for the Eva Longoria Foundation before #ALMAawards   Me and Ricardo and at the Dodger game!  
Check out my interview w/ about the dinner I hosted for the Eva Longoria Foundation before #ALMAawards   At the Dodger game with my husbAnd Carlos! #LA  
Had a great fundraiser last night for Joaquin Castro at Beso! Here is a great photo of me and Castro brothers!   Me and on the set of DH but photobombed us!  
U mean welfare? RT Romney stands for America. He does not stand for the ones that live on will far like Obama.  I'm gonna miss the water bottles on set! #desperatehousewives  
Romney does not want to represent ALL Americans just the rich ones. Check this out! Unbelievable!   Aww i wish i could! RT g'day could you be convinced to be in my #SoListen music video ...  
Uh you think ya got enough hair for Gorgeous up do!   Im excited about this! RT the Mexican Case that won!   
This is what the madness looks like backstage at It's a hurricane of fashion!   My prayers go out to those involved in the shooting RT Suspect reportedly in custody after ...  
Red carpet emergency! On the red carpet!   You were great this morning! Morning tv missed you! 
Me and all the American Latino Olympians! We are so proud of you! #almaawards   Thank U! RT My first time as Beso Hollywood, I've got to tell it was a blast! 
Me and mama on red carpet! #almaawards   Lol i saw that too! RT lots of little Eva Longoria's tweeting me pick up lines.. hmmm. is this #aprilfools 
Getting ready for red carpet in my dressing room! U like the Monique Lullier dress!   Haha love this guy! RT dude, as far as rumors go, its not a bad one! 
Me and on the red carpet! Serious zoo-lander faces!   Lol sorry I should have told u! RT Hey I guess we are dating! Why didn't anyone tell me ?! :) 
Thank u for coming to my dinner tonight!   How beautiful are these bluebonnets in Texas? Our state flower! And of course there are cows in the background! …  
Me and my mama on our way to the event at Beso with   Back at ya! RT How is my fav Pisces in the world doing today? Sending you Love, Support & Positive Energy! ;) 
Thk u! RT What you are doing for the Hispanic community is inspirational! You ...   Love this pic! RT is so unique.. she changed the world so much, I think so! 
Excited to be partnering with for our event tonight at Beso! Together, we are building …   Happy Birthday Grandpa Junior! You have a great granddaughter! 
Me and rehearsing for the tomorrow! Airs Sept 21st on NBC!   Ooops here's the picture! Of me and my on set daughters and Daniella!  
Rehearsing for the   On set with my daughters and Daniella! I'm gonna miss them! 
WATCH VIDEO: "AMERICA, OUR HOME" SHORT FILM COMMEMORATING LATINO PATRIOTISM:    Thx mama! RT Sorry ... I meant to say ... You will 2!! It's been a long day :) heading back to LA !! Great job 
In dressing room at Conan Be sure to watch tonight at 11pm on TBS   Woooohoooo sold out of #EVAmour fragrance on tonight! Thank you to everybody who called and bought it! 
Doing a photo shoot today for German television! In my slippers!   About to go on for the last time today on HSN for the launch of #EVAmour! You can only get it on HSN! 
Gorgeous! RT Beach day   Having so much fun on launching my second fragrance! #evAmour  
Done! RT I dare you to forgive those that have hurt you, better love those that been there for you, ...   Thank u! RT you were awesome...great detail, expression, great response :)) #EVAmour 
Oh wow! RT Currently at old stomping grounds!!   Almost time for me to go on! Watch me on at 10:30am ET for my first show launching my #EVAmour fragrance 
Thx babe! RT So much respect right now. speech was amazing.   Happy to team up with for the launch of my newest fragrance EVAmour. Watch me 3.29 at 10, 5, 8 and 11 PM #EVAmour 
Exactly my point! Dont tax middle class Romney! RT It's easy for you to say 'hey I'll ...   On my way to HSN inTampa! And I got a cold :( Hope I feel better by tomorrow! On air all day with new fragrance! …  
I miss u! RT So excited to watch the amazing speak tonight at the Watch me on HSN tomorrow and you can win a $500 HSN giftcard and a signed bottle of my newest fragrance EVAmour. …  
Democratic National Convention!!!  Thank u! RT I am SO proud to be your fan. Can't wait for #DeviousMaids to start. Your ...  
thank u both!  Head to my EVAmour Facebook page and grab a sample of my newest fragrance available Watch me 3.29 at 10, 5, 8 and…  
The Democratic gang! Don Cheadle and Alfre Woodard and   Thx! RT I just watched the new episode of DH on the internet, I always follow you. U ...  
Thank you to everyone tweeting me about #DNC speech! Wish i could retweet them all! I was honored that you all tuned i…   I see u! RT you never retweet me :( yet I like worship your existence #wahsadface 
Me and the great Lily Ledbetter! Thank you Lily for making equal pay for women possible!! #DNC2012   Latinos United! Ha! RT thank u so much GIRL!!!! Besos!!!!! U the best!! 
Thank u! Meanwhile... Delivers AMAZING Speech At #DNC2012 Watch HERE:   Good luck Everyone vote for him on Dancing with the Stars! #williamlevy 
Thx baby! RT So proud of my girl w #dnc2012   In 3 days! Watch me on HSN on March 29th and you can win a $500 HSN giftcard and a signed bottle of my newest fragrance EVAmour. 
Me and listening to Joe Biden at #DNC2012   I am honored to produce this show with so many amazing, talented actresses and producers ! #DeviousMaids  
I'll try! X RT DemetriMartin Hey nice working with you in movie. I'll be wacthing #DNC2012 to…   Wow i like this! RT #SoListen To My Heartbeat. 
XO Rosario! RT Excited 2 c speak #DNC2012 2nite 8:30ET! Who’s w me #EvaDNC Get it woman! You rock!  Love this...RT Prayer is the most intimate form of conversation.. 
Love u both!RT “@rosariodawson: Excited 2 c speak #DNC2012 2nite 8:30ET! ...   Thx babe! RT Fabulous cover and congratulations my friend on this amazing chapter of ...  
Ya! RT@Tip Done deal! RT I'll watch #BOSSTV viewing Fri night on ur FB page if u watch my #DNC2012 8:15 ET tonight.Deal?  HSN! RT where is your recent fragrance for sale? I love the scent, but never seem to find it. 
Hey I'll watch ur #BOSSTV viewing party Fri night on ur FB page if u watch my #DNC2012 speech at 8:15 ET tonight. Deal?  Awww thx RT your sucha beautiful, inspirational woman. I love you so much! My idol 
see you on the podium! Can’t wait to speak about our amazing President #dnc2012  I love the Entertainment Weekly cover! Great send off to our legacy in television!  
So honored to speak to the Democratic National Convention at 8:17 PM EST tonight. Then will sit down with  Head to my EVAmour Facebook page and grab a sample of my newest fragrance available Watch me 3.29 at 10, 5, 8 and…  
Amazing!! RT READ: Full text of President Clinton's speech  #DNC2012  Happy to team up with for the launch of my newest fragrance EVAmour. Watch me 3.29 at 10, 5, 8 and 11 PM #EVAmour 
Clinton was amazing tonight! Spoke the truth about our choice this election! #dnc2012  Happy 2nd birthday to health care reform. It is making a real difference – see these touching stories: …  
Clinton about to take the stage!!   Join me and the Honorable Hilda Solis tomorrow evening to celebrate our President in LA, RSVP today!  
Thx! Tomorrow!! RT Listening to makes me like her even more! Can't wait to hear her speak tomorrow. #DNC  I agree Everyone must visit Washington, DC to see the cherry blossoms alone! So much to see in DC! 
Besos! RT W miss at #dnc2012   With my favorite person in the world on set! #finalseason  
Yes she did! RT I might be a bit biased, but I thought knocked it out of the park at ...   Bonne chance! RT Please may I have a good luck i have a big exam of math tomorow ! And ...  
Me and Ashley Judd with Alfre Woodard who was in tears after Michelle Obama speech!   Me and my great friend from LA Dragnet Christina Chang on set of DH!  
Me and and Joaquin Castro last night at Latinos Unidos event! #dnc2012   Aww thx! RT no other actress can move me like u do! U are literally my idol and inspiration, I love u so much. 
At the Latinos Unidos event with my friend #DNC2012   Good luck! RT please wish me good luck 4 my exams tomorrow,I'm soo scared!got a lot of biology to revise 
Here is on stage at #dnc2012   Thank U! RT tapped to be co-chair of reelection campaign. She's got my vote #NEWS  
Wow! is killing it delivering his speech! So proud to be a Texan, a Hispanic, an American! #dnc2012  Wow thx! RT I painted you again. I hope you like it. You're my inspiration!  
History is being made right now! Joaquin Castro introducing first Hispanic keynote speaker at DNC #dnc2012  Working with the amazing Doris Roberts today! #DesperateHousewives  
Lily Ledbetter is speaking live at DNC #dnc2012 Thank you Lily and for equal pay for women!!!!  This is awesome! RT Inspiring! 25 wounded vets complete marathon (Photos)  
Learning from one of our nations best political minds #dnc2012   Wasn't it amazing! RT That episode of Desperate housewives just made me ball my eyes out... 
Learning from one of our nations best political minds #dnc2012 Just realized that! Ha! RT BTW, sweetie: GCB is on AFTER, not before, DH; Once Upon A Time is on before DH :) 
   OMG tonight's DH is soooo good! Who's watching tonight? And right before us is GCB! #SundayABC 
Miss u! RT RT Watch my dear friend and activist this Thursday as she ...   Lol RT "@EvaLongoria: Happy Birthday Love my sister Pisces!" Thanks,Girl! About to get my margarita on! 
Just signed the official DNC poster under Lily Ledbetter's name! Take a look!   Happy Birthday Love my sister Pisces! 
Ok Jordyn is taller! RT So awesome meeting   My first time at the new Chick-fil-a in LA! I miss this from Texas!!! So good!  
Look who I ran into at airport! So honored to meet you both and Yes we are all same height…   I spent part of my bday last night introducing the amazing director Davis Guggenheim for "The Road We've Traveled". Wa…  
On my way to DNC, can't wait to hear keynote from tonight! Make Texas proud Julian!  So good! Watch! RT VIDEO: Barack Obama's Short Documentary, 'The Road We've Traveled,' Debuts Online  
Happy Labor Day to all American workers and the contributions to the strength and prosperity of our country!!!  Thx babe! RT Happy Birthday Eva!! 
Thank u! RT Can't for your speech at the #DemNationalConvention.  Awww RT Because you are special, we made something special for you. Happy ...  
I see u! Thx! RT i'm really trying hard,can you plssss se my painting of you? Plss it ...   Thx Oklahoma! RT Hope your day has been a special one! Happy Birthday from Oklahoma!! 
Anything for u! RT me and thanks for coming out today. ? you sis   Hello Malaysia!RT happy birthdayy from Malaysia! :D <3 
Hey thank you for mentioning SHE steakhouse in Vegas. But we are not "women only" everyone is welcome. It…   Wow thats far!RT Happy Birthday! Best wishes from Singapore :) 
Excited to open the new restaurant SHe in Vegas, and it is NOT for women only. It's for everyone!  Thx Cody! RT Happy Birthday to Here's to many more beautiful years. 
What ingredients will you mix up for the next great flavor?    Thank u! RT HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! ? Check the pic, I made it for you!  
I Gotta watch this, all everyone is talking about. RT Watch Clint Eastwood's full speech/discussion ...   Love this!  
Fun and new interesting things are happening at Beso Hollywood. Please check out our new website at   My house is a flower shop! I'm overwhelmed with happiness today! Thank U everybody!  
