Oskar the blind kitten will steal your heart  
Papa John's CEO: What I really said about Obamacare  
Check out your world today in pictures from The Huffington Post photo desk  
You won't believe where millions do their online shopping  
WATCH: Fox's softball Walmart interview cuts to Walmart commercial  
What keeps Generation Y up at night?  #Infographic #AskingY via 
WATCH: Microsoft tries to convince us that iPhone are just awful  
How the Great Recession crippled Generation Y. #AskingY  via 
Church of England Rejects Women Bishops In Vote
  
Just one more reason to love Robert Redford  
Pranked:  redirects to Knicks homepage  
Lenny Kravitz lines up Marvin Gaye movie  
Happy #Thanksgeeking! Here's how to thank your science mentor this holiday  
Pardoned Turkey Euthanized Just Before Thanksgiving  
Thank an unsung woman in your life: share her photo & story w/ using #thankawoman  
Teenage gymnast paralyzed during practice session  
Cops urge Obama, Holder to respect state marijuana legalization laws  
New mom Megan Fox stuns less than two months after giving birth  
Building manager defies Sandy to care for animals, residents left behind  
50 Cent lines up a new career  
Looks like you can still get marijuana at Amsterdam's coffee shops after all  
Flaming Lips singer shuts down airport after he tried to bring a grenade on a plane  
These companies are on the naughty list this year!  
Learn how to use a clipless curling iron  
How many ingredients are in a Twinkie?  
Happy 65th anniversary to Queen Elizabeth II & Prince Phillip!  
Greenpeace study reveals toxic chemicals found in your favorite clothing brands  
Woman sentenced in deadly day care fire  
Man knocks girl unconscious in shocking, unprovoked attack (VIDEO)  
5 reminders to be grateful (even for the hard stuff)  
Good guy taxi driver finds HUGE pile of cash, returns it  
Another state pushes for driver's licenses for undocumented immigrants  
David Beckham's last game with will be MLS Cup 2012  
Former MTV star says he was a "semi-famous drug-addicted male slut"  
PHOTOS: Michael Phelps, Missy Franklin among winners at "Golden Goggle" swim awards  
Quirky gift ideas for teens for $10 and under  
"I think the plight of the Walmart workers has turned into a social movement of itself."  
Kid's project may be rude but it's also hilarious  
Woman dismembered 2 lovers, hid body parts in ice cream parlor  
How Katie Holmes is spending her first Thanksgiving without Tom  
What did this guy do to get banned from every McDonalds in England?  
You won't believe this is the same person  
The perfect guide to holiday etiquette  
"Teen Mom" stars diss Kim Kardashian  
Participation in program that sends public dollars to private schools soars  
How many people can fit in a Mini Cooper? More than you think  
200 reporters on a world tour with Rihanna. What could possibly go wrong?  
4 ways to prepare for divorce post-fifty  
WATCH: A history of the Twinkie in movies  
GOP senator calls for relaxing pot penalties  
Jessica Biel's spa nightmare  
How to work out holiday custody arrangements  
Bet you never thought this hard about a toothbrush  
Old man and young blonde reportedly stab and stalk each other sometimes  
Here's what seceding from the U.S. will cost you  
Britney Spears & Kevin Federline's exes are dating. That's weird, right?  
Jake Gyllenhaal apparently gave Taylor Swift a bit of a complex  
Cameron Diaz says every woman wants to be objectified...  
FBI raids library  
12 things every newlywed should know about marriage  
Little boy is thankful for something very straightforward this year  
Coach Ditka offers updates after his stroke  
New details emerge in foiled California terror plot  
Travel Channel host has near-death experience on location  
Warner Bros. hit with $80 million lawsuit over 'Lord of the Rings' slot machine  
The President is not impressed, and he has a Tumblr to prove it  
PHOTO: Mitt pumps his own gas  
Israel can shut down the Gaza Internet any time, but Palestinians have a Plan B  
SNL's 'Drunk Uncle' gets a supercut  
Nicki Minaj shows off her religious side in her new video  
Will striking workers darken Walmart on Black Friday?  
40 must-follow Twitter accounts for NBA fanatics  
Is 'Silver Linings Playbook' the most charming movie of the year?  
Paris Hilton's new song sounds awfully familiar...  
Catholic priest and women's ordination activist dismissed from order by Vatican  
Former BBC bunker gets new life as a luxury hotel  
A student who a college reported was dead actually isn't  
Are Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield making a big move together?  
One woman's message for the TSA  
Obama campaign manager: Campaign will keep its infrastructure alive  
America's top sign painters  
Colorado man accused of threatening to kill Obama is "severely mentally ill"  
Dogs, cats brought home in shopping cart and skinned  
How three years of delays affected the career of 'Red Dawn' star Josh Peck  
It's tough being a part of Will Smith's clan  
California terror suspects allegedly trained at paintball facilities  
In the aftermath of #Sandy, city leaders push for sea wall construction  
How to reduce holiday stress as a caregiver  
Donald Trump uses Twitter to show the world how little he knows about charities  
A 2nd underage sex lawsuit was filed against Kevin Clash, the elmo puppeteer, today  
HP alleges fraud at company it paid $10 billion for  
The REAL secret to losing weight  
Michael, Johnny, KISS and more: Which box set is worth your money?  
Eagles fans put out Andy Reid-Taylor Swift parody, "We Are Never Ever Gonna Win With Andy"  
Pablo Escobar to hit the big screen in "Lost Paradise," who will play the notorious kingpin?  
Tommy Ramone on the 35th anniversary of his iconic band's third studio album  
The invention that's making mind reading easier than ever  
WATCH: Russell Brand's controversial interview with Westboro Church  
Owner of HarperCollins "expresses interest" in buying Simon & Schuster  
U.S. soldiers recreate sexy 'Call Me Maybe' lip dub  
Woman had kids "feed" dad's dead body for years  
Seen any good deed recently? In honor of Thanksgiving, tweet us a photo tagged #kindness2012  
EXCLUSIVE: Lil Bub the perma-kitten SLAMS Tard the grumpy cat on video  
Good news: woman finds $11,000 in handbag and returns it  
Pat Robertson: "Atheists don’t like our happiness. They don’t want you to be happy, they want you to be miserable"  
10 photos of pets sleeping in their owners’ beds just because  
Global investors call for action on climate change  
Sam Sung may work for Apple  
Meet the fastest man on all fours  
Squirrelly character spends 11 hours in tree  
The touching reason Fiona Apple is canceling her tour  
WATCH: Russell Brand's controversial interview with Westboro Church  
Art found at Goodwill sells for $21K  
Wait, kids having tantrums might become a psychiatric disorder?  
In defense of vegan weddings  
What makes people a**holes?  
The MOST important thing to get right on Thanksgiving  
.@CoryBooker to live on food stamps, following Twitter challenge  
Women arrested over Facebook post; ignites debate over India's commitment to freedom of speech  
How you should really be using Splenda  
Einstein's 'extraordinary' brain may help explain his genius  
Is it possible to stay happily married with little kids?  
Thank an unsung woman in your life: share her photo & story w/ using #thankawoman  
Man charged in monkey death self-proclaimed "nice guy"  
ICYMI: Supercomputer shows you where America's most negative people are  
Will other nations engage in the conflict in Gaza?  
15 notoriously hypocritical politicians  
Madonna gets naked... again  
Who wore it better: Kristen Stewart or Anne Hathaway?  
Matt Taibbi: "Incompetent" bosses killed Hostess  
Celebrities who've done the Miley Cyrus haircut  
Surprise: Lawmakers who received donations from Google don't think Google acts "unfair"  
Can this tiny French town outlast the Mayan Apocalypse?  
Here's how to make kids stop whining about presents  
16-year-old self-taught engineer from Sierra Leone astonishes MIT  
Did the dryer shrink your t-shirt? Here’s how to fix that  
Paul Rudd dishes on Broadway vomiting incident  
Rand Paul teases 2016 presidential run ... again  
A pie pie chart: The most popular Thanksgiving pie flavors  
Jackie Chan's final action film  
Reporter completely unfazed by drunken woman  
CA cap-and-trade auction deemed a success  
WATCH: Student recorded video describing bomb plans  
Why "women don't negotiate" is just a myth:  
No glitter here! Ke$ha steps out in a polished suit at the airport  
Heart-wrenching letter from 12-year-old son to immigration judge who will decide father's fate  
Thanksgiving volunteer, donation opportunities that make an impact #thanksgiving  
Donald Trump uses Twitter to show the world how little he knows about charities  
How Food Network dominates Thanksgiving  
The best business schools in the United States  
Idaho repeals online graduation requirement  
Anti-gay christian lawyer arrested on child porn charges  
The 25 best chain restaurant dishes  
What's the biggest problem facing Generation Y? asked  #askingY 
Taylor Swift is REALLY insecure about her lack of indie cred  
Global carbon dioxide levels hit new record  
Look who's playing Marvin Gaye  
The next Middle East war?  
Just how screwed is Generation Y? kicks off its #AskingY series  
Young "Modern Family" star's family drama is unfortunately far from over  
Meet the ANTI-soccer mom  
MILLIONS watch porn at work, sexpert claims  
You’ll never have to use an iron again  
60 seconds to stress-less holiday travel  
'Hunger Games' star among actors testing for 'Amazing Spider-Man 2'  
How much alcohol should you serve? 14 #Thanksgiving questions answered  
Savannah Hurley, 11, reportedly abducted by her mom #AmberAlert  
Why we love Fred Armisen  #Portlandia #SNL #TheCalifornians 
Thanksgiving was a Jewish holiday originally celebrated by dinosaurs?  
WATCH: Gay rapper releases gorgeous and strangely erotic new video  
Bar could become huge LGBT landmark  
Toddler battles Atomic Warhead and the Internet wins  
Senior Hamas official, Israeli spokesperson say truce agreement has not been finalized  
Jimmy Fallon's Thanksgiving 'do not read' list  
'Every woman does want to be objectified ... It's healthy" -- Cameron Diaz  
Housing starts jump to highest level in more than 4 years  
Lil Bub is in the newsroom, cuteness overload ensues.  
And the best place to found a tech startup is...  
And the best place to found a tech startup is...  
Is Rihanna raiding Chris Brown's closet? (PHOTOS)  
Does turkey really make you tired? debunks 9 Thanksgiving myths  
Don’t know what to get mom this holiday season? We’ve got you covered  
This NFL player is a true 'Saint'  
More children die from this than from AIDS, malaria or diarrhea  #jnj #globalmotherhood 
Manned outpost would let NASA 'dip toes' in deep space, expert says  
This phone is thinner than a dime  
Britney Spears' ex-husband is dating her other ex-husband's baby mama?  
Top African American House Democrat: Attacks on Susan Rice are racial code  
Happy birthday, Dominique Dawes!  
Santa, the 7-inch tablet I want most this Christmas is...  
What Nokia's new maps app has that Apple Maps doesn't  
The ultimate Work Husband Gift Guide  
ALERT: Elmo puppeteer steps down amid underage sex allegations  
50 Cent is making a big new business move  
The military may execute a soldier for the first time in 50 years  
Miley Cyrus cuts her hair even shorter  
From student style to sleek style, this law student gets a stunning makeover  
Reuters: #Gaza truce reportedly will be declared at 19:00 GMT, come into effect at 22:00 GMT  
PHOTOS: College students break Guinness pole dancing record  
'Rogue Trader' convicted of biggest fraud in U.K.'s history  
Chris Christie pushes union-busting police plan for country's poorest city  
Anarchists who tried to blow up a bridge will be sentenced  
40 hilarious Thanksgiving FAILS  
Rockets fired at Jerusalem from Gaza land outside Holy City  
Scientists solve mystery of how prehistoric 'grave robber' outlived the dinosaurs  
See Kate Upton without a stitch of makeup  
Should these women have been arrested over a Facebook post?  
Now leading HuffPost: In comes Hillary  
PHOTO: Obama looks like he's about to fall asleep here. Send captions with #ObamaPhotoCaptions  
WATCH: Get the latest on the conflict in Israel and Gaza  
72-year-old Chinese grandpa models women's clothes (and looks AWESOME)  
Uh-oh: HP says company it paid $10 billion for cooked its books  
Judge rules Hobby Lobby must cover morning-after pill  
Trust fall FAIL  
10 artists you should know for #Transgender Day of Remembrance  
The trick to getting people to dress the way you want  
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart  #TEDweekends 
Happy birthday, Mr. Vice President!  
Daycare killer's fate could be determined today  
The surprising way this woman got her husband to do more chores  
Nicki Minaj compares herself to Jesus  
4 tips to eat healthy this holiday  
Some of NJ's beaches lost HALF their sand from hurricane  
7 food groups that help you lose weight and combat aging  
Has the "War on Christmas" already begun?  
Monogamous penguin couple has been together for 16 years!  
There are some crazy rumors going around about Jennifer Aniston's wedding  
ATM dispenses extra cash  
When Helen Mirren met Alfred Hitchcock she was 'ignorant and arrogant'  
These organizations will provide up to $25,000 in matching donations on November 27. #givingtuesday  
A Thanksgiving recipe...for gratitude  
Meet the star of 'Life of Pi'  
With election over, experts hope Obama will stop delaying food safety reform  
WHOA! 16-year-old self-taught genius from Sierra Leone astonishes MIT  
The best business schools  
Blasphemy case against Christian teen dismissed  
6 qualities divorcees have that their married friends don't  
4 California men arrested, suspected of plotting to wage "violent jihad"  
Division II Chaminade stuns Texas in Maui  
There really is such a thing as being TOO nice  
Chipper Jones tweets JFK assassination conspiracy theories  
Seven and a half things you need to know today  
Hostess, union agree to mediate to avoid shutdown  
Stress-free holiday clothing ideas  
Last weekend's meteor shower is coming back, giving stargazers another shot  
Kitten rescued after 3 days in famous landmark  
Is muscle-trembling a sign of a good workout, or is it actually dangerous?  
No, seriously, these two were married  
Taylor Swift wrote ANOTHER song about Jake Gyllenhaal?  
Whoops, college informs community of student's death. She's still alive though  
Nicki Minaj actually looks...normal! (PHOTOS)  
R&B singer Billy Scott dies at 70  
What Kanye West thinks about Rihanna on the release of her seventh album  
Be careful out there, selfie-takers  
Adele's baby is 'such a cutie,' according to friend  
The difference between sweet potatoes and yams  
Supercomputer shows where angriest Twitter users live  
Rep. Allen West finally concedes in Florida  
Which airline has the most leg room?  
How Hollywood feels about the demise of our beloved Twinkie  
Beyonce faces the music with a $100 million lawsuit from video game company  
California terror suspects allegedly practiced at paintball and firearm facilities  
No one is more upset about Obama's victory than this little boy  
Armed man attacks U.S. embassy guard in Tel Aviv  
Premature birth kills 1 baby every 30 seconds  #jnj #globalmotherhood 
Playboy pays tribute to Marilyn Monroe for the 50th anniversary of her death with classic nude photos  
Director weighs in on big 'Star Wars' rumor  
PHOTOS: Kim & Kourtney Kardashian work out  
LOOK: Amazing lightning strike at airport  
Real-life sleeping beauty can sleep 64 days in a row  
Tom Cruise & Charlie Sheen weren't the only ones to completely break down on camera  
Why married life agrees with Jessica Biel  
Have kids? Read this  
How to stop being so negative  
"The atheists won and they will always win..."  
Scientists say gene can predict likely time of death  
Deer attacks two men; steals their cigarettes  
PHOTO: Charlize Theron's brown buzz cut  
The most depressing study of the day...  
Oprah has some strong words for Justin Bieber  
Top 7 home upgrades that cost under $50  
One thing you never want to accidentally tweet  
Documentary says O.J. didn't kill his ex-wife, a serial killer did  
Kate Middleton is pregnant, her 'close friend' claims  
Would anybody actually wear these?  
Israel speaks out on Anonymous' massive cyber war  
Paris Hilton sparks outrage in Saudi Arabia  
Mysterious, violent Gulf Coast dolphin killings disturb officials (GRAPHIC PHOTO)  
A 3-D movie that celebrates your childhood favorites  
Why was Fred Armisen laughing during last week's "The Californians?"  
This family wouldn't give up on their 'untrainable' Rottweiler  
What's the perfect hostess gift? 14 #Thanksgiving questions answered  
Seat kids at the main table? 14 #Thanksgiving questions answered  
You could buy 1,700 private islands with all the $$ Apple lost recently  
14 ways to avoid #Thanksgiving disaster  
Thank an unsung woman in your life: share her photo & story w/ using #thankawoman  
A phone thinner than a dime?!  
Female fan hid firecracker inside her body to smuggle into stadium and injures soccer player on the field  
U.S. sends Hillary Clinton to Mideast as peace envoy  
Handball homophobia? Player drops his pants after opponent tauntingly kisses him  
Hundreds turn out for funerals of couple killed in Indianapolis explosion  
Einstein's unusual brain may provide clues to his genius  
Sam Sung works for Apple?  
AC/DC gives up, joins iTunes  
The human Barbie doll is a FAKE, site claims  
Justin Bieber rocks harem pants at American Music Awards  
What are the critics saying about 'Life of Pi'?  
Pacific Northwest storms turn deadly  
What to buy your work husband  
Franklin Graham: Obama's reelection proves America has 'turned our back on God'  
Jake Gyllenhaal must have really done a number on Taylor Swift...  
Wes Craven visits 'The Scream' and the resemblance is uncanny  
What are you grateful for this Thanksgiving? Send a note to religion@huffingtonpost.com with a photo. 
It's here! The White House petition to end all White House petitions  
Bruce Jenner denies reports he and Kris are getting a divorce  
Three horses and up to 24 other animals have died in the production of 'The Hobbit'  
Mary-Kate Olsen and Olivier Sarkozy aren't letting anyone get to them  
The Kate Middleton/Kim Kardashian gossip gets even juicier  
Birther Queen Orly Taitz is at it again...  
Michelle Obama returns  
Masked woman allegedly robbed mom of ring as partner tasered victim  
A monogamous penguin couple stayed faithful for HOW many years?!  
Check out your world today in pictures from The Huffington Post photo desk  
You'll absolutely love this father-daughter dance (we guarantee it)  
PHOTOS: January Jones dyes her hair dark  
Celebrities mourn demise of the Hostess Twinkie  
Meet Scarlett Johansson's new rumored love interest  
Workers to Walmart: Give us back Thanksgiving  
Millennials reveal the celebs they think represent their generation  
6-year-old Mohammed: 'When are we going to die' #Gaza  
Some awful person has stolen the ancient tribal rock carvings in Sierra Nevada  
Should you try to fix the toilet?  
Rude Applebee's receipt: 'Stop eating, b****!'  
Kansas City Chiefs fan's obituary cites team's losing as his cause of death  
Is 'Rise of the Guardians' worth your dime?  
'Magic Mike' director: Don't forget Matthew McConaughey's 'bananas' performance come awards time  
Stampede during religious festival kills 17 in India  
Watch the cell phone evolve before your very eyes  
For a Happy Thanksgiving, pass the gratitude  
Mash up shows Robert Pattinson's disdain for 'Twilight'  
GOP congressman who fought hard for drug restrictions is defeated  
Is this woman the worst ex ever?  
This actress is a self-confessed "one-year-clean no Googler"  
Nearly 60-year-old Nativity Scene tradition comes to an end in California  
Kitten rescued from Lincoln statue gets fitting name  
Nicki Minaj's shocking new look (PHOTOS)  
"Jersey Shore" star accidentally tweets WHAT to over 1 million fans?!  
"I believe no ape has ever purchased a sports car," but...  
"The atheists won and they will always win..."  
Meet the fastest man on all fours  
This burger was made entirely by a robot  
Be prepared for holiday traffic. Check out the most congested cities, hours & routes  
Scientists say gene can predict likely time of death  
12 perfect gifts for the One Direction fan in your life  
Christina Aguilera x Justin Beiber  
Over 130 Iowa scientists connect drought to climate change  
The most versatile director of all time?  
'I want a pizza with my face on it.' The 17 best Jennifer Lawrence quotes  
Hidden home problems you should be on the look out for  
Bieber has some new trophies  
Rihanna's many, many hair colors as seen in her best music videos  
How to hack 'Call Me Maybe'  
Where a family's missing cat hid after an explosion  
Deer attacks two men; steals their cigarettes  
Where did you go shopping this weekend?  
Does turkey REALLY make you tired?  
PHOTO: Charlize Theron's brown buzz cut  
How to renovate your home with Black Friday sales  
Exclusive sneak peek: "Glee" cast gets super  
Jessica Biel leaves us scratching our heads  
College football's winningest coach retires  
Shakira won "Best Latin Artist," in 2005 she became the first female artist to do so at the #AMAs  
Happy 15th Anniversary, Lion King!  
Winter travel survival tips  
Pat Robertson: "Miserable" atheists are trying to "steal" Christmas  
Bruce Jenner denies divorce rumors  
Women DO negotiate their salaries in this situation...  
How my daughter fought cancer like Rockey  
Newlywed gives tearful bride a free wedding dress 
Congress has tried to rewrite No Child Left Behind for 1,900 days, and counting  
The most depressing study of the day...  
What flying around the world with her showed us about Rihanna's career  
WATCH: Twilight's thanks fans years of support  
Looking for the perfect gift for mom? We got you  
Aww: 25 pets in pilgrim costumes  
Will Obama crack down on legal weed?  
10 people who excel at social media -- and generosity  #impactx 
Real-life "Sleeping Beauty" slept 64 days in a row  
3 deer enter Kohl's store through automatic doors, overly eager for Black Friday  
'Silver Linings Playbook' actress is thinking about motherhood more than a possible Oscar  
7 absurd things worth less than Apple's recent stock market slip  
The surprising survivor of the deadly Indianapolis house explosion  
Top 7 home upgrades that cost under $50  
Secret Service agent offers tips on how to spot counterfeit money: "It feels different, it wears different"  
EU endorses Syrian opposition  
Anna Wintour has a crush on Ben Stiller  
Now in The race to the bottom  
Outrage erupts after two women arrested in India over Facebook post  
Just who is Jill Kelley?  
9 totally awesome pillows  
PHOTOS: After criticism, artist reveals revised statue of Pope John Paul II in Rome  
Nintendo's scary new competition: the iPad  
What's the word on 'Hitchcock'?  
Media accounts of Gaza war vastly different than four years ago  
One thing you never want to accidentally tweet  
Gay marriage push accelerates in Illinois  
Danny DeVito, Rhea Perlman on the mend again?  
Have you done a good deed in the spirit of the holidays? Tweet us a photo tagged #kindness2012 
Israel says Anonymous' massive cyber war has failed  
WATCH: on HuffPost Live!  
Hayride DUI  
Documentary says O.J. didn't kill his ex-wife, a serial killer did  
Is the "insanely insane" Apple sell-off over?  
Colorado to open a "Body Farm"  
LOOK: Ryan Gosling's new face?  
Lady Gaga made a (t)rap song, and Terry Richardson made a NSFW video  
Are Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie invited to Jennifer Aniston's wedding?  
Oh no! Hospital says 104-year-old architect is getting worse  
Watch Taylor Swift seriously rock out at the #AMAs  
PHOTOS: Bill Clinton volunteers for hard-hit Sandy victims  
Snooki talks baby Lorenzo and motherhood with HuffPost  
The new unemployed: #Sandy survivors  
Attorney General Eric Holder to stay in Obama administration beyond first term: Report  
First Hindu member of Congress will swear in using sacred Hindu text  
Evangelist claims 'complete economic collapse' may be needed to fix America (VIDEO)  
Another GOP governor rejects key health care reform  
Disney axing failed online movie store  
Scientists eye two-step plan to nuke dangerous asteroids  
Kate Middleton is pregnant, her 'close friend' claims  
WATCH: When Turkeys attack!  
A rally in LA turns ugly when Israel and Palestine supporters clash  
The 10 most generous social media mavens  #impactx 
The 10 most germ-infested areas in a restaurant  
Do American Indians celebrate Thanksgiving?  
Would anybody actually wear these?  
10 steps to a stress-free holiday post-split  
“Atheists...want you to be miserable” -Pat Robertson  
Biden's reassurance to #Sandy victims: "You've got a homeboy in the deal who gets it"  
Paris Hilton sparks outrage in Saudi Arabia  
Happy birthday, Jodie Foster!  
Thanksgiving nail art featuring Snoopy and Woodstock  
Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez might be together again... or not  
The big thing you WON'T learn about a couple from their wedding  
Got the Mondays? This kind act will brighten your mood  
Is this a common fear?  
Huge alien planet observed orbiting massive star  
UPDATE: Peter Jackson denies 'The Hobbit' caused the death of up to 27 animals  
Dad loses jobs, starts robbing banks with kids: police  
AMAZING PICS: Thousands of Korean volunteers make 140 tons of kimchi to feed poor  
R&B singer dies at 70  
Nick Kroll gives some director's commentary for his home movies  
A conservative pundit has already endorsed Sarah Palin for 2016  
If "Dark Knight Rises" had been a teen movie, it would have looked something like this…  
Did Deion Sanders go too far?  
Should a teacher be fired for punishing kids like THIS?  
Tom Crean's five-second rule defense  
Chipper Jones tweets JFK assassination conspiracy theories  
WATCH: Twilight's on talking about the franchise's obsessed fans  
There really is such a thing as being TOO nice  
6 tips for buying a healthier turkey  
Just in: Hostess, union agree to mediate to avoid shutdown  
Taylor Swift rocks grungy hipster look  
Company behind weed vending machines freak out after stock gets too high  
Is muscle-trembling a sign of a good workout, or is it actually dangerous?  
Are "miserable" atheists trying to "steal" Christmas?  
Flirtatious emails. Jealous threats. Consensual sex. Scandalous?  
No, seriously, these two were married  
Taylor Swift wrote ANOTHER song about Jake Gyllenhaal?  
Cockatoo knows all the words to Gangnam Style  
Why it's ok to wear the same thing everyday  
Everything you need to plan your Thanksgiving menu  
Nicki Minaj actually looks...normal! (PHOTOS)  
Palestinian death toll in Gaza conflict reaches 100  
What Kanye West thinks about Rihanna on the release of her seventh album  
Be careful out there, selfie-takers  
Chris Christie pushes union-busting police plan for country's poorest city  
The difference between sweet potatoes and yams  
Adele is "doing great" after giving birth to son  
Supercomputer shows where angriest Twitter users live  
The real military sex scandal  
This little boy does not know how to pronounce 'trucking'  
Which airline has the most leg room?  
How to dress yourself STRESS-FREE over the holidays  
That draft in your home may be coming from your fireplace. Here’s how to fix that  
Intel CEO retiring  
"Not two or three, a lot of women. Every time I saw him it was a different." --Belize resident on John McAfee  
Does R.A. Dickey want to stay with the Mets?  
Now you can buy AC/DC's entire catalogue on iTunes  
TV star accidentally tweets cellphone number to over 1 million fans  
Christina Aguilera goes pantless again for the AMAs  
Tens of millions of hackers target Israel  
Thanksgiving prayers, blessings and quotes for Thursday's Holiday  
Mother of Columbine High School shooter says she prayed for son's suicide  
Here's who to follow for news about the #Israel-#Gaza conflict  
It's World Toilet Day!  
Sick of automated phone operators? Why not text a business instead?  
U.S. Border Patrol just signed up for more expensive, inefficient weapons in the war on drugs  
PHOTO: Jordin Sparks kisses Jason Derulo on the AMAS red carpet  
The US has a surprising ally in the war on drugs  
Princess Charlene celebrates Monaco's National Day  
WATCH: Robert Pattinson really doesn't like 'Twilight'  
A new home for your herb garden during the winter  
Topless "nuns" allegedly attacked by anti-gay Catholics (NSFW video)  
'Composing is to think, not to play' - Alexandre Desplat  
America's oldest movie theater in danger of shutting down  
San Francisco may ban public nudity once and for all  
Traci Lords: I want to teach my son to "use his penis for good and not evil"  
Israeli airstrike hits Hamas' TV station in high-rise  
Will the Church of England finally ordain women Bishops?  
See the best-dressed stars from the American Music Awards  
George Clooney and 49 other 50+ men on what they've learned about women  
Grieving? Here are 4 tips to help you through the holidays  
Bethenny Frankel shares her tips for healthy holiday snacking  
EXCLUSIVE:  announces its Word of the Year  
How to get rid of that burnt popcorn smell in your home  
See the worst-dressed stars at the American Music Awards  
Anthony Hopkins BLASTS Oscar season  
Fieri on SNL: 'The New York Times reviewing my restaurant is like Architectural Digest reviewing a college dorm.'  
The thing women are more likely than men to do...  
Justin Bieber brought his mom as his date to the American Music Awards  
Paula Broadwell said to be devastated  
LA's IDs for undocumented immigrants are "nothing but another step towards total amnesty," says USC student  
The 10 majors that change the world  
How we're preparing for Black Friday  
Don't cry for Twinkies just yet  
Common items in your home could be worth more than you think  
Justin Bieber dominated the AMAs  
Is increased security hurting diplomacy?  
Some good news for your Thanksgiving travel plans  
School principal answers all your pressing questions: deer carcasses, HUGE pile of manure  
WATCH: Reclusive director spotted ... dancing?  
PHOTOS: Britney Spears steps out with her sons  
What's causing a strange signal from the center of our galaxy?  
A shocking number of animals have died in the production of 'The Hobbit'  
Egyptian official: Israel and Hamas to present ceasefire conditions on Monday  
Obama begs Warren Buffett, Jamie Dimon for help on fiscal cliff  
Work that crop top J.Lo  
Christina Aguilera pours herself into tight purple dress at the AMAs  
Meg Whitman's in trrrooooouble  
Mobster's 'absurd' claim  
See all the stars come out at the American Music Awards  
Nevada brothel owner wins elective office  
Nevada brothel owner wins elective office  
Stars come together for moving Dick Clark tribute  
Complete list of AMA winners  
Nicki Minaj copies Julie Bowen  
Obama makes history as first president to set foot in Cambodia  
Steven Spielberg readies his own Gettysburg Address  
The real reason behind Rihanna's crazy tour  
This surprised baby red panda will make your day  
Is it biologically possible for humans to live forever? Our Science correspondent breaks it down  
Anderson Cooper ducks huge explosion in Gaza  
Seven and a half things you need to know today, by  
Another health hazard posed by fracking?  
Do something fun this weekend? Send a picture to women@huffingtonpost.com!  
The hottest YouTube videos of the week  
Powerball jackpot surges  
LOOK: Honest note left after car crash results in hilarious conversation  
Major grocery chain pulls 45 different cake varieties due to listeria risk  
Mick Jagger says One Direction is pretty much just like the Rolling Stones #1D  
Keira Knightley is definitely read for her close up  
5 books every high school student should read before college  
6 ways to divorce-proof your marriage  
5 books every high schooler should read before going to college  
One woman's online dating dealbreaker  
'Breaking Dawn Part 2' takes in staggering sum  
Bad news for Florence + the Machine fans  
What happened when a man accidentally gave life savings to Goodwill  
#gaza: La distruzione a Gaza (FOTO)  
Palestinian civilian toll climbs in Gaza  
Listen to a cut off Rihanna's new album, featuring Eminem  
#gaza: Terzi: "Credo ci siano premesse per la tregua"  
Afghan president accuses U.S. of violating detainee pact  
6 ways to divorce-proof your marriage  
Marion Cotillard gets handsy  
WATCH: How to make better decisions  #TEDweekends 
The best religion photos from around the world  
Victoria Beckham shares adorable family photo  
Remember the guy who got a Romney/Ryan tattoo on his face? See where he is now  
Rihanna x Eminem  
No Shave November off-limits for women?  
Former 'Bachelorette' star is homeless!  
Kim Jong Un named the "Sexiest Man Alive"  
We think Kim Kardashian wore a dress made out of credit cards. Is she that rich?  
Paralyzed girl, 9, brings drunk driver to tears  
Celebrity admits to never having a read a book in his life  
Taliban suffer humiliating email fail  
Anonymous to Israel: "All your base are belong to us"  
New mom gives birth to 'world record triplets'  
LOOK: Honest note left after car crash results in hilarious conversation  
Kris & Bruce Jenner's $155 million fortune will make their rumored impending divorce very interesting  
9 things you need to know about caffeine  
26 reasons men cheat... according to men  
Shakira shows off her growing baby bump  
No country for Kelly Clarkson  
5 books every high school student should read before college  
How to stop being so negative  
Former NFL star left homeless after brain damage from football  
WATCH: Inspiring 11-year-old explains what autism is  
Keira Knightley is definitely read for her close up  
You'll never believe where the country's largest fetish porn company built its home  
The trendiest baby names for 2013  
Man accused in "Twilight" mass shooting plot had been committed in '09  
Brad Keselowski wins 2012 Sprint Cup title  
Secessionist says that the presidential election was "stolen"  
The deadliest jobs in America  
What's Katie Holmes really bad at?  
The funniest cleaning commercials...ever? 
'SNL' spoofs the recently arrested Katt Williams  
Apple has had just an awful 2 months  
Classic 'Simpsons' scene gets claymation remake  
Fred Armisen can barely keep a straight face on SNL's "Californians" sketch  
'I'm the butt police, and I'm looking at your rear (rear, rear)'  
What happened when a man accidentally gave life savings to Goodwill  
Bad news for Florence + the Machine fans  
Florence + the Machine's Florence Welch wants a break  
Rampage of horrific dolphin killings baffles authorities (GRAPHIC PHOTO)  
Check out your world today in pictures from The Huffington Post photo desk  
This is why Facebook loves ellipses...  
Is it just us, or is there something different about these celebrities?  
ICYMI: These celebs look...uh... different than they used to  
'Breaking Dawn Part 2' takes in staggering sum  
Large sum of money found stashed in shoe at Goodwill  
This image will make your day  
Churches go to court to save nearly 60-year nativity scene tradition  
Meet the Mexican company that may save an iconic American snack  
Mariah Carey's looking good!  
14-year-old girl uses Santa doll to show cops how she strangled newborn  
Apple has had just an awful 2 months  
Mick Jagger has an interesting take on One Direction  
Lisa Lillien of the empire reveals how she stopped yo-yo dieting for good  
WATCH: How to make better decisions  #TEDweekends 
Marion Cotillard gets handsy  
McDonald's has a macaroni burger  
Random act of kindness in Georgia goes viral  
Victoria Beckham shares adorable family photo  
Justin Bieber dominates American Music Awards  
Robert De Niro has 99 problems and Jay-Z is one  
Exploring some of the world's eeriest abandoned places  
Rihanna x Eminem  
Jeremy Renner plays a ditzy blonde lawyer on SNL's "The Californians"  
The week's 9 most popular viral videos  
Record-breaking astronaut ends long space mission  
'Breaking Dawn Part 2' takes in staggering sum  
ICYMI: These celebs look...uh... different than they used to  
This is why Facebook loves ellipses...  
Samsung really wants to know Apple and HTC's secret deal  
World Bank takes new aggressive stance on "one of the single biggest challenges to social justice"  
U.S., Britain warn of Israeli ground war  
ViviSat firm plans fleet of satellites to refuel orbiting craft  
Locking eyes with a 750-kilogram polar bear  
AT&T promised customers high-speed Internet by 2007. 5 years later, where is it? 
Rampage of horrific dolphin killings baffles authorities (GRAPHIC PHOTO)  
Florence + the Machine's Florence Welch wants a break  
Sexy "American Pie" star becomes spokesperson for unlikely species  
One woman's online dating dealbreaker  
Don't cry for Twinkies just yet  
High-end hotel scene of bloody stabbing and attempted robbery  
Sean Penn found himself a new girl  
Rihanna's most outrageous moments  
Here's 27 reasons why the U.S. doesn't have the moral authority to lead a drug war  
Mick Jagger says One Direction is pretty much just like the Rolling Stones #1D  
Major grocery chain pulls 45 different cake varieties due to listeria risk  
What happened when a man accidentally gave life savings to Goodwill  
A really strange way to get tastier bacon  
This image will make your day  
'I'm the butt police, and I'm looking at your rear (rear, rear)'  
WATCH: Retired priest rescued from blazing balcony  
Addressing Buddhism's race problem  
GOP rep suggests Obama knew of Petraeus affair before election  
Stars set for big night at AMAs  
Meet the Mexican company that may save an iconic American snack  
Petraeus hires lawyer known for negotiating book deals  
Small town points big finger at FEMA  
That last 'Twilight' film made $341 million this weekend  
Celebrity weight loss endorsements  
LOL! Fred Armisen can barely keep a straight face on SNL's "Californians" sketch  
WATCH: Mind-bending answers to the question 'what is reality?'  #TEDweekends 
Mariah Carey's looking good!  
Do you live in one of the world's most vacation-deprived countries?  
Shaq's new home costs only $235K?  
21 businesses with a sense of humor  
A haunting failure to find nursing home residents after Hurricane Sandy  
FIona Apple's new song has arrived  
Was justice really served in BP criminal settlement?  
After BP criminal charges, more than one "person sweating bullets tonight"  
Classic 'Simpsons' scene gets claymation remake  
Son of former Israeli PM: 'We need to flatten entire neighborhoods in Gaza'  
14-year-old girl uses Santa doll to show cops how she strangled newborn  
LOOK: Volunteers make 140 tons of kimchi for poor in South Korea  
Obama injects prayer into fiscal cliff conversation  
Baby gorilla, bizarre owl, playing polar bear and more adorable animal photos of the week  
Hispanic Romney surrogate "shocked" by Mitt's "gifts" comments  
Apple has had just an awful 2 months  
The funniest cleaning commercials...ever? 
'SNL' spoofs the recently arrested Katt Williams  
How you can help Sandy volunteers STILL working around the clock with victims  
America's first openly transgender elected state legislator speaks out  
Marion Cotillard gets handsy  
Congress calls on WH to investigate Benghazi "talking points"  
This man will not be directing the next 'Star Wars' film  
What's Katie Holmes really bad at?  
Nicki Minaj will perform at the AMAs, but she doesn't really care about awards that much  
Ryan Murphy set to honor a TV legend  
Powerball jackpot continues to grow  
Obama's Myanmar visit to encourage democracy  
Obama makes Temple of Reclining Buddha first stop on Asia trip (PHOTOS)  
The coolest tree houses we've ever seen  
JC Penney struggles not to be your grandmother's store  
The top 6 holiday travel destinations for families  
10 months after Iranian-born human rights activist is shot in Houston, her boyfriend's twin brother is killed  
Lieberman separates from two GOP "amigos" on Benghazi issue  
The deadliest jobs in America  
Listen to Fiona Apple's Oscar bid  
Taylor Swift holds hands with One Direction's Harry Styles  
Secessionist says that the presidential election was "stolen"  
Shocking viral video shows Baltimore bus driver fighting with female passenger  
McDonald's has a macaroni burger  
14 stars who were born and raised on the farm  
America's best city for women is...  
Anonymous hacks Israel  
Allen West still won't give up  
Kristen Stewart narrowly avoids a wardrobe malfunction  
Victoria Beckham shares adorable family photo  
Mom reunites 10-year-old with the fireman who saved him as a baby  
The worst new Hollywood wedding trend  
Amazing total eclipse photo!  
You've seen dozens of family portraits, but have you seen EXTREME family portraits?  
Hero vets in Texas train crash saved wives before death  
Doomsday is coming. Don't run for the hills. Prepare yourself.  
Playboy Bunnies, all grown up  
8 emails that are sexier than the one 'Shirtless FBI Agent' sent  
Could you live in a house that’s THIS small?  
No way! They live on a school bus?  
Walmart worker: "If I stay with this company until I retire I could be making the same wage for the next 25 years"  
Robert De Niro has 99 problems and Jay-Z is one  
New data reveals America's poorest state  
Amazing! World leader donates 90% of income to charity  
No Shave November off-limits for women?  
No Shave November off-limits for women?  
One way to do it... student sues college for an 'A'  
Twinkies selling for thousands of dollars on eBay  
Israel shells Syrian fighters after gunfire from civil war spills over  
Former 'Bachelorette' star is homeless!  
Churches go to court to save nearly 60-year nativity scene tradition  
Another holiday season, another nativity scene battle  
Husband allegedly run over for Obama vote faces grim prognosis  
31 entertaining essentials (GIFT GUIDE)  
Man celebrates 106th birthday after being declared dead 76 years ago  
Obama's move during Staten Island tour makes girls squeal  
Dozens of dogs and cats displaced by Hurricane Sandy have another chance at life in California  
Kim Jong Un named the "Sexiest Man Alive"  
LOOK: The insane arguments CEOs used to oppose basic human rights  
Six injured after police helicopters collide  
The dangerous driving habit most of us are doing (and don't realize)  
How this "Hungry Girl" quit cleanses & fasts and started keeping the weight off  
We think Kim Kardashian wore a dress made out of credit cards. Is she that rich?  
Paralyzed girl, 9, brings drunk driver to tears  
Celebrity admits to never having a read a book in his life  
Taliban suffer humiliating email fail  
New mom gives birth to 'world record triplets'  
LOOK: Honest note left after car crash results in hilarious conversation  
Mom posts photo of toddler breastfeeding (and also eating bacon...), gets suspended from Facebook  
The biggest baby name trends for 2013  
Kris & Bruce Jenner's $155 million fortune will make their rumored impending divorce very interesting  
9 things you need to know about caffeine  
26 reasons men cheat... according to men  
Shakira shows off her growing baby bump  
Woman steals and dumps baby in fake pregnancy scheme to help jailed lover  
This blog will make you question all the decisions you've ever made  #TEDweekends 
Dad hacks video game to change boy hero to girl for his daughter  
America's most worthless CEOs  
Real-life sleeping beauty can sleep 64 days in a row  
Dad places bet with kids, photo of bet terms goes viral  
How to stop being so negative  
You'll never believe where the country's largest fetish porn company built its home  
Simon Cowell dated WHO?  
5 books every high school student should read before college  
Kristen Stewart: 'I just wanted something in my mouth'  
Why Obama responded instantly to letters from NJ girls  
Mitt Romney lashes out at the media in private call  
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have big argument at restaurant  
WATCH: Pistons' Greg Monroe shoots one-eyed free throw  
'SNL' mocks CNN's desperate Petraeus coverage  
17 year old kid, convicted of vehicular manslaughter, sentenced to 10 years of attending church  
Whitney Houston's ex has a question for Kim Kardashian  
'SNL' spoofs Petraeus scandal with super uncomfortable 'All In' reading  
The REAL Chris Christie drops by SNL 'Weekend Update'  
No one is more upset about Obama's victory than this little boy  
Kate Moss' tattoo is worth HOW much?  
GOP senator: Susan Rice should testify on Benghazi  
Playboy pays tribute to Marilyn Monroe for the 50th anniversary of her death with classic nude photos  
Director weighs in on big 'Star Wars' rumor  
PHOTOS: Kim & Kourtney Kardashian work out  
Look at who is already in line for Black Friday  
Perfect timing: Amazing lightning strike at airport  
Sun unleashes enormous plumes of super-hot solar plasma  
This week in a behind-the-scenes look at fair trade gifts  
Marco Rubio makes first post-election trip  
The special Holiday Gift Guide issue of magazine is FREE in the App Store  
Police arrest murder suspect who allegedly stuffed 2 dead bodies into barrels  
This week in meet the man changing the way we give gifts  
Real-life sleeping beauty can sleep 64 days in a row  
Study reveals odd way sexless, all-female species survives  
A candidate who will talk about drones  
Walmart-contracted warehouse workers strike before Black Friday  
Princess Charlene sports two very different looks in one day  
Israeli air strike reportedly kills 10 Palestinian civilians  
140 characters of ... crazy?  
Celebrated astronomer wasn't poisoned after all, study shows  
Tom Cruise & Charlie Sheen weren't the only ones to completely break down on camera  
Do something fun this weekend? Send a picture to women@huffingtonpost.com!  
Man accused in "Twilight" mass shooting plot had been committed in '09  
The trendiest baby names for 2013  
Israeli official arrives in Egypt for cease-fire talks  
"Every online dating profile is a narrative, an intimate — if calculated — snapshot of a soul."  
You'll never believe where the country's largest fetish porn company built its home  
Keira Knightley is definitely read for her close up  
Obama: U.S. "fully supportive" of Israel's right to defend itself  
Why married life agrees with Jessica Biel  
WATCH: Man burns intricate 96-foot model of Buckingham Palace to the ground  
When acceptance of a gay child is not enough...  
How to get your baby to clean your floor  
Pelosi: No fiscal cliff deal without tax hikes  
WATCH: Inspiring 11-year-old explains what autism is  
Netanyahu: Israel ready to widen offensive  
Kellan Lutz and Sharni Vinson share a tender moment  
The best American city for women revealed  
Have kids? Read this  
New info. on Toni Braxton’s foreclosed Atlanta home  
Note about grandparents hit by Sandy made Obama do this  
A look back at Tom Cruise & Katie Holmes in happier times  
Infamous film director releases crazy PSA for America's oldest movie theater  
What kind of parent are you?  
Former NFL star left homeless after brain damage from football  
NY woman to get $2.7 million for wrongful conviction  
"I'm one of those angry, old white men they're always talking about" - Secessionist  
America's poorest state may surprise you  
This dog is your spirit animal  
This is the largest art #heist in history  
Football star's unbelievable mega mansion hits the market  
Guess what these guys are doing 15 years later  
Are white Hindu converts mocking "real Hindus?"  
Meet the animal with the most legs in the world  
This product really exists, you can really purchase it  
Meysi, possibly world's smallest dog, is as big as a Coke can  
Study finds surprising link between abortion and poverty  
A mom ponders: Should I be sad my baby will never eat a Twinkie?  
Adorable alert! Polar bears celebrate their birthday (PHOTOS)  
"You have to believe not only in yourself [but also] that the world is worth your sacrifice"  
"We just want to go to school... we want to be able to supports folks in our family. We just want to contribute."  
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar unveils his statue  (VIDEO, PHOTOS) 
Meet the porn world's most powerful talent agents  
Dad places bet with kids, photo of bet terms goes viral  
Mom posts breastfeeding photo on Facebook, gets suspended  
See a hilarious conversation that started with an honest note  
How to stop being so negative  
5 books every high school student should read before college  
The mob hotspot that launched rock'n'roll  
In honor of Tom Cruise & Katie Holmes' wedding anniversary, we look back at what once was  
No country for Kelly Clarkson  
WATCH: 4-year-old with Down syndrome stars in major holiday commercial  
No. 1 Kansas State toppled by Baylor  
Stained-glass ceilings that you can't help but stare at  
WATCH: Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen get a HUGE surprise  
What did Sarah Michelle Gellar and Freddie Prinze Jr. name their baby boy?  
Will America's most populous state go over the fiscal cliff?  
Simon Cowell dated WHO?  
Zac Efron doesn't need assistance at the gas pump  
Kristen Stewart: 'I just wanted something in my mouth'  
Pakistan secretly racing to develop its own drones  
Celebrity week in review  
Man makes mistake gaffe trying to spend counterfeit bills at Target  
WHO: Gaza hospitals overwhelmed after Israeli strikes  
The #Lakers pay tribute to a living legend: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 
A closer look at Israel's Iron dome defense system  
Why you should never let a judge decide Fido's fate  
Thousands march in Ireland for abortion rights  
Kohl’s is going big for Black Friday  
We're pretty much tripping, all the time  #TEDweekends 
Why Obama responded instantly to letters from NJ girls  
Texas train crash: stories of heroism emerge amidst tragedy  
Aurora Victim Relief Fund: payments have been finalized  
Cops say they uncovered a man's plan to go on a mass shooting at a 'Twilight' movie screening  
'Twilight' mass murder plot foiled  
Why this blogger can no longer say 'no'  
Rupert Murdoch's incendiary Israel tweet  
Have these three bundles of joy broken a world record?  
The conversation this blogger wishes she was able to have with her recently deceased sister  
Liberty Ross goes topless  
Tell us how you REALLY feel, little boy  
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have big argument at restaurant  
Mitt Romney lashes out at the media in private call  
Beyonce looks GORGEOUS without a stitch of makeup  
Syrian rebels take control of airport, activists say  
Taylor Swift holds hands with One Direction's Harry Styles  
Hundreds of ways to give to the people you love (but hate to shop for)  
Vets who died in Texas train crash saved wives by pushing them out of way: report  
How can we prevent another Dust Bowl?  
Could this chemical keep men from cheating?  
Search ends for missing workers after Gulf oil platform explosion  
Another group whose health may be threatened by fracking  
Secessionist says that the presidential election was "stolen"  
LOOK: America's top CEOs before they were famous  
Which is better: gay marriage or straight marriage?  
Mom plans to "flood" Facebook with breastfeeding photos  
The 7 travel gifts to give this year  
How to survive a long haul flight  
Robert Downey Jr. and Jack Nicholson?  
Walmart worker: "If I stay with this company until I retire I could be making the same wage for the next 25 years"  
Life as the voice of Facebook  
Vets killed in Texas train crash have been hailed as heroes  
Fans petition Obama to "nationalize the Twinkie industry"  
Maher: It's time for Obama to become 'an angry black man with a liberal agenda'  
Do something fun this weekend? Send a picture to women@huffingtonpost.com!  
We want your best hand turkeys!  
Congressman begins EXTREMELY short term  
This kid must've watched 'Catch Me If You Can' one too many times  
Why it's good (for your health) to be an entrepreneur  
Chad Lowe welcomes a baby girl  
The deadliest jobs in America  
Adorable boy with Down syndrome stars in major holiday ad  
Kung Fu nuns kick butt at CERN  
New designer reportedly in at Balenciaga  
Those shady Walmart petitions could soon be a thing of the past  
Anonymous scout calls controversial football player "coddled" 
Why billionaire investor Peter Thiel doesn't tweet  
Shocking viral video shows Baltimore bus driver fighting with female passenger  
Judge approves record fine on Google over alleged privacy violations  
Geithner: U.S. should "absolutely" scrap the debt ceiling  
McDonald's has a macaroni burger  
9 best apps for holiday shopping  
Nation's first housing project for African Americans will be demolished  
America's best city for women is...  
The best thing about fall is watching the world change colors. Check out your photos on  
14 stars who were born and raised on the farm  
Dad sends message to daughter by hacking video game  
Around the world in ten amazing photos  
WATCH: Everything you think is reality is mostly just an illusion  #TEDweekends 
Anonymous hacks Israel  
A candidate who will talk about drones  
Israel widens airstrike assault in Gaza  
MUST-WATCH: Paralyzed girl, 9, brings drunk driver, jury to tears  
Man's cancer disappears while restoring old church?  
Victoria Beckham shares adorable family photo  
Kristen Stewart narrowly avoids a wardrobe malfunction  
PHOTOS: Remembering the Lakota way of giving away  
LOOK: Photographer Helps 9 'Least Adoptable' Dogs Find Homes  
Chilling 911 call in trial of valedictorian accused of killing his mentally ill mother  
Isla Fisher channels old Hollywood glamour  
of uses technology to help solve the water crisis - here's how:  #impactx 
After Sandy, a struggle to find evacuated seniors  
Mom reunites 10-year-old with the fireman who saved him as a baby  
The real reason it's so hard to stay faithful  
The best wedding gift you can give to your friends  
Malia Obama dealt with her braces gracefully. Me? Not so much  
The worst new Hollywood wedding trend  
California family speaks out about imprisonment ordeal in Ghana  
Amazing total eclipse photo!  
As emerges from bankruptcy, potential buyers begin circling  
Keira Knightley works blue  
This is the world's fastest growing criminal enterprise  
Black Friday shoppers line up over a week before Thanksgiving  
Zac Efron kisses Rebel Wilson at Lakers game  
Porn star gushes about her agent: "He treats us like we are his daughters."  
How NOT to take a photo of Beyonce and Jay-Z  
Guy Fieri defends restaurant after brutal review  
One Direction pranks fans by pretending to be wax figures (WATCH)  
Top tips for single female travelers  
What kind of parent are you?  
The Ke$ha and One Direction mashup the Internet has been waiting for (WATCH)  
This program is making a crucial impact on saving the world's most beloved animal species  
Barack Obama is NOT impressed.
 
Rob Kardashian launches line of socks  
Expert to ex-child star: 'bipolar disorder is not your fault'  
His final words: 'All I wanted was a Snickers bar'  
Watch this USC student face off with an undocumented immigrant  
How to tell if you're too sick to go to work  
Now why can't our leaders do this?! President donates 90% of income to charity  
Are we just hallucinating reality all the time?  #TEDweekends 
The cutest polar bear birthday you'll ever see  
The week's best style moments (PHOTOS)  
Why do college students stress-drink?  
50 years of art inspired by the Rolling Stones  
Macy's CEO on Trump firing petition: It is '"a free society"  
California home prices increase for 8th straight month  
WATCH: Are ID cards a "right" for undocumented immigrants?  
Rolling Stones: can't stop, won't stop  
California wins one against Walmart  
Paula Broadwell, woman in Petraeus scandal, is staying in a beautiful house in D.C.  
Renowned health expert: 'We are poisoning our kids'  
Could you live in a house that’s THIS small?  
Football legend lists mansion on the market for the FOURTH time  
Bloomingdale's is offering some serious Black Friday discounts  
Apparently this guy had NO idea how much the Internet loves cats  
Robert De Niro has 99 problems and Jay-Z is one  
Remembering Vietnam: 'What a naïve, leftist, loud-mouth war protester I was back in 1968.'  
 The Nonprofit World Asks A Lot Of The Internet  
Will the US stay in Afghanistan past 2014?  
New data reveals America's poorest state  
What's the word on 'Anna Karenina'?  
WATCH: Inspiring 11-year-old explains what autism is  
World prematurity day: Changing the face of preterm birth #jnj #globalmotherhood  
And now for some Kanye West 'Fresh Prince' lyrics  
LOOK: How these 9 "least adoptable" dogs found homes!  
What's the next step for a cat that ran for Senate?  
Inside the house JFK grew up in  
Amazing! World leader donates 90% of income to charity  
Dad hacks video game to change boy hero to girl for his daughter  
"Childhood obesity is a scapegoat for the conflicted relationship our whole society has with food"  
High-speed rail is back in court  
Top 10 Ways to Be Charitable When Money Is Tight  
Coast Guard searches for 2 missing workers from Gulf oil rig explosion  
Shakira shows off her growing baby bump  
Don't even try going through airport security with this watch  
One unexpected benefit of online dating  
Denny's franchisee to add Obamacare surcharge to customer checks  
The most popular Indian sweet dishes consumed during #Diwali  
Textbook claims meat-eaters 'steal, fight and turn to violence and sex crimes'  
Love cupcakes? Read this  
Our favorite blogs from parents this week  
Scientists point to big shift in pop music melodies  
No Shave November off-limits for women?  
Colorado shooter hospitalized in "half hearted" suicide attempts  
26 reasons men cheat... according to men  
You'll never believe why this man robbed a bank  
Boy allegedly beat a toddler to death  
WHOA! Extreme couponer shops 17 hours straight for charity on Black Friday  
One way to do it... student sues college for an 'A'  
9 things you need to know about caffeine  
Puerto Rico's outgoing Governor pushes bid To Become 51st State After Status Vote. Thoughts?  
Twinkies selling for thousands of dollars on eBay  
Former 'Bachelorette' star is homeless!  
Alert: Massive crib recall after 5-month-old dies  
Man arrested after threatening to kill Obama on Facebook  
Kris & Bruce Jenner's $155 million fortune will make their rumored impending divorce very interesting  
Rocket fired at Tel Aviv  
The 'Best Places To Work' for LGBT employees  
The blog that's making everyone want to breastfeed  
Husband allegedly run over for Obama vote faces grim prognosis  
Teacher fed students hot sauce-soaked crayons?  
'Wheel of Fortune' contestant is so close, yet so far  
Powerball jackpot surges  
Fossil links ancient panda to unlikely place  
7 clever spots to hide your cash  
Need a hotel room in D.C. for Obama's 2nd inauguration? Not all hope is lost just yet  
Nate Silver dishes on why he thinks life in Chicago tops life in NYC  
Atheists sue IRS, demanding action on political activity by tax-exempt churches  
Real-life 'Catch Me If You Can'  
Would you visit an abusive parent on their death bed?  
The state with the biggest jump in diabetes is...  
Trouble in paradise for Britney Spears and fiancé  
Rogue star is to blame for Earth's misaligned orbit, new theory says  
Teen finds WWII-era love letters on beach after Sandy  
Big banks to pay more than $400 million to settle claims they misled investors  
Air raid sirens wail in Jerusalem  
Downsizing from the perfect apartment  
The biggest baby name trends for 2013  
Train slams into schoolbus in India, killing at least 47 children  
Nearly 8 in 10 young professions work from bed  
Kim Jong Un named the "Sexiest Man Alive"  
Samuel Alito takes on Citizens United critics  
Is it a scarf? Or is it bacon?  
My ex-wife plotted to kill me  
Bal Thackeray, Hindu leader known for anti-Muslim stance, has died at age 86  
You won't believe what this man was billed for  
Israel widens airstrike assault in Gaza  
Man robbed a bank so he could go to jail  
WATCH: Israel's 'Iron Dome' missile defense takes out rockets over Beersheba  
Is Mexico on its way to legalizing marijuana?  
Watch Tom Cruise, Kanye West & more completely break down on camera  
#FAIL: Oklahoma erects Ten Commandments monument with spelling errors  
LOOK: The insane arguments CEOs used to oppose basic human rights  
The best video you'll see today: An entire gospel song devoted to fried chicken  
The dangerous driving habit most of us are doing (and don't realize)  
Drug war film maker explains why people shouldn't get too excited by new legal marijuana laws  
Mom posts photo of toddler breastfeeding (and also eating bacon...), gets suspended from Facebook  
Miley Cyrus gets a restraining order against her stalker for three years  
WATCH: These optical illusions will astound you  #TEDWeekends 
Twilight finally gives us an honest trailer  
Women doing No Shave November: Thoughts?  
Teens get lap dance at sweet 16 party  
Radio company: Rush Limbaugh hurt our business  
Papa John's Appreciation Day celebrated by Obamacare opponents  
Google is a pretty good poet  
We think Kim Kardashian wore a dress made out of credit cards. Is she that rich?  
Twinkie The Kid, dead at 85  
You won't believe how much Twinkies are selling for on eBay...  
Vanessa Hudgens talks 'Spring Breakers' threesome scene  
Why I decided to rethink my nose job  
LISTEN: Ke$ha feels like a sabertooth tiger  
Lawsuit against the Met charges it has been deceiving visitors  
Hostess CEO: "It's over. This is it."  
High school coach videotapes 24 young boys in locker room, cops say  
The best of 100,000 photos shot in one day  
Everyone using HBO Go has a little secret  
Paralyzed girl, 9, brings drunk driver to tears  
The revolutionary way 15,000+ Hurricane Sandy volunteers were mobilized  #impactx 
Kanye West joins Rihanna for new remix, drops 'Fresh Prince of Bel Air' lyrics  
Kristen Stewart is reportedly still feeling guilty about cheating on Robert Pattinson  
Mel Brooks asked Carl Reiner a VERY personal question  
.@Kelly_Clarkson song the next big gay anthem?  
Why Petraeus shouldn't have resigned  
New research shows rappers may get help freestyling from brain quirk  
Radio DJ suspended amid sex abuse allegations  
On being a fat kid: "I wish the world around me had been different. I wish I'd been different too."  
Solange Knowles' hair targeted by the TSA  
This is the only science test answer we will be accepting, thank you  
A tribute to Solange Knowles' afro (PHOTOS)  
You've seen dozens of family portraits, but have you seen EXTREME family portraits?  
Mom, son, boyfriend shot to death in robbery gone wrong  
LOOK: Firefighter who saved abandoned boy makes birthday wish come true  
BP employees "hung out to dry"?  
LOOK: Honest note left after car crash results in hilarious conversation  
Teen gamers are better at virtual surgery than medical residents  
Costa Concordia captain claims book will reveal 'shocking truth'  
Photographer accuses designer Chris Benz of stealing her best pic  
"A very small window to try to avoid catastrophic climate change"  
Adorable PSA sends the message: Don't stand in front of trains, idiot  
Glum Spain hosts Iberoamerican Summit as Latin America booms  
Quito's bullfighting festival is no more  
Boy meets girl... things get #awkward (WATCH)  
Boy meets girl... things get #awkward (WATCH)  
Photos from the conflict in Gaza  
Sen.-elect Ted Cruz (R-Texas): "Romney actually french-kissed Barack Obama" during debate  
Amid climate inaction in Washington, Americans should just "do the math"  
Celebrity admits to never having a read a book in his life  
'Star Wars' vs. 'Beauty and the Beast'  
District attorney forced to admit he was porn actor  
Lawmakers introduce legislation that would exempt states from federal marijuana law  
Birther smackdown in Vermont  
Convicted wife killer Drew Peterson wants a new trial  
8 emails sexier than the 'Shirtless FBI Agent'  
Hero vets in Texas train crash saved wives before death  
Rockets puncture Tel Aviv's bubble of normalcy  
Who wore it better?  
The best religion photos from around the world  
We talked to about wax Stephen Colbert at It freaks him out too  
10 ways to know if you should break up before you head to college  
The photographer's hair CAUGHT ON FIRE at this wedding, see how the couple reacts!  
Taliban suffer humiliating email fail  
Miracle?! A man was doing this when his cancer disappeared  
WATCH: James Franco directed Lindsay Lohan in an R.E.M. video, of course  
Playboy Bunnies, all grown up  
First stop on Rihanna's "777" World Tour? Mexico City  
Man hospitalized because he can't stop hiccupping... for TEN DAYS  
How I found myself -- through online dating.  
Palestinian and Israeli youth make music to promote peace  #Israel #Gaza 
Gulf oil rig exploded Friday morning off Louisiana coast  
Why progressive Christians are more relevant today than ever before  
GOP leader says election results signal "anti-Christian bent" in key state, via  
Death toll in Israel-Gaza conflict rises  
Skull may belong to hiker who never came home  
We get together with to present this wishlist for 20-somethings  
WATCH: Missed the Latin Grammys? Check out the biggest wins and performances...  
New mom gives birth to 'world record triplets'  
"Jelena" may have called it quits, but Selena Gomez is moving forward with her music career  
Secret Service arrest man who threatened to "b*tch slap" Obama  
Man who started Alabama's secession petition is angry about losing his topless car wash  
14 reasons to love Anne Hathaway (like you needed a list)  
8 emails that are sexier than the one 'Shirtless FBI Agent' sent  
What would you do for free Guinness?  
What if Britney Spears & Justin Timberlake never broke up?  
No one wants to hear what Kim Kardashian has to say about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict  
Record-breaking penalty for slaughterhouse abuse case (VIDEO)  
Are you washing your face the wrong way?  
Meditation has effects even when you're not doing it  
These kids are actually allergic to cold  
Working at a Walmart offers little room for raises, promotions, internal documents show  
What Israelis and Palestinians are posting on Instagram right now  
Celebs who committed the ultimate post-split diss  
Staunch women's rights supporter passes away at age 89  
Scandinavian man shatters breath-holding world record (VIDEO)  
We celebrated Thanksgiving early! Check out our menu and tell us what's on yours  
The one Twitter account you MUST follow  
Channing Tatum, eat your heart out  
Judge's ruling is a major blow for Walmart  
Hair tips Sleeping Beauty would approve of  
WATCH: Melissa McCarthy & Sandra Bullock are bad girls in 'The Heat'  
Man accused of shooting cows in the face  
It's a bird, it's a plane, it's.. a WiFi drone?  
Barbara Bush on Obama's reelection: "People spoke. Move on, get on with it"  
WATCH: Worst celebrity on-air outbursts  
Public masturbator asks cops to wait till he is finished  
Kim Kardashian makes a marine's day in a big way  
We tried Tyra Banks' new "smizing" app and came out looking like aliens  
Jordan Catalano, is that you? Jared Leto dons drag for "The Dallas Buyers Club"  
Obama administration gave company $1 million on DAY it filed for bankruptcy  
City may ban energy drinks for anyone under 21  
Bodies found stuffed in barrels  
Take a moment to reflect on Daisy Fuentes' awesome '90s MTV VJ style 
Could you live in a 120-square-foot home?  
The most shocking review of 'Breaking Dawn'  
Cops say haunted house creator hid horrific secret  
Not a misprint: High school girl's basketball team wins game by a final score of 88-0  
Prototype rocket goes up for very short test flight  
Chef names his restaurant 'WTF,' didn't realize what it meant  
"Businesses are implementing an ethos of LGBT inclusion that goes beyond U.S. employee policies"  
The biggest 'Twilight' ever?  
Quadriplegic rapist on 157-year sentence to be freed  
Long lost Canadian ship finally discovered  
20 awesome PSA parodies  
But will Wii U make as big a splash as the original Wii?  
Train crashes into "Heroes On Board" parade float  
How closely are Kristen Stewart and Selena Gomez connected to each other in Hollywood?  
Missing teen found alive in trunk of car hundreds of miles away  
Internal Walmart documents show dead-end limits on pay and advancement  
Twinkie not only loss in Hostess liquidation  
BP plea deal settles company's criminal charges, but hangs indicted workers out to dry  
Why pictures of slim, glamorous women turn our brains against us  
Why Twinkies fans are going crazy over Hostess bankruptcy, according to Twinkie Man  
Social media makes Facebook investor Peter Thiel "incredibly nervous"  
Another reason to be wary of the natural gas boom -- 4 million pounds of billowing sand blasted into each well  
You've seen dozens of family portraits, but have you seen EXTREME family portraits?  
This is the only science test answer we will be accepting, thank you  
Solange Knowles' hair targeted by the TSA  
On being a fat kid: "I wish the world around me had been different. I wish I'd been different too."  
Radio DJ suspended amid sex abuse allegations  
New research shows rappers may get help freestyling from brain quirk  
Why Petraeus shouldn't have resigned  
.@Kelly_Clarkson song the next big gay anthem?  
Mel Brooks asked Carl Reiner a VERY personal question  
Kristen Stewart is reportedly still feeling guilty about cheating on Robert Pattinson  
Kanye West joins Rihanna for new remix, drops 'Fresh Prince of Bel Air' lyrics  
Everyone using HBO Go has a little secret  
The best of 100,000 photos shot in one day  
High school coach videotapes 24 young boys in locker room, cops say  
Hostess CEO: "It's over. This is it."  
Paralyzed girl, 9, brings drunk driver to tears  
How to fix a shrunken t-shirt  
Lawsuit against the Met charges it has been deceiving visitors  
LISTEN: Ke$ha feels like a sabertooth tiger  
Would Tom Hiddleston appear in the new 'Star Wars'?  
Why I decided to rethink my nose job  
Vanessa Hudgens talks 'Spring Breakers' threesome scene  
12 things the Senate women's bathroom needs  
Why businesses need to participate in educating, not just recruiting #JobRaising  
You won't believe how much Twinkies are selling for on eBay...  
What traveling taught us about the first Thanksgiving  
Why an affair doesn't have to ruin your marriage  
talk on optical illusions will boggle your mind  #TEDweekends 
Twinkie The Kid, dead at 85  
We think Kim Kardashian wore a dress made out of credit cards. Is she that rich?  
Google is a pretty good poet  
Papa John's Appreciation Day celebrated by Obamacare opponents  
Prominent Republican recommends "proctology exam" for GOP  
Radio company: Rush Limbaugh hurt our business  
Teens get lap dance at sweet 16 party  
Women doing No Shave November: Thoughts?  
The stakes are raised even higher in Apple-Samsung lawsuit  
Twilight finally gives us an honest trailer  
WATCH: These optical illusions will astound you  #TEDWeekends 
Miley Cyrus gets a restraining order against her stalker for three years  
Colbert takes the Petraeus soap opera to new heights... with Susan Lucci  
How to see this weekend's meteor shower!  
Mom posts photo of toddler breastfeeding (and also eating bacon...), gets suspended from Facebook  
Drug war film maker explains why people shouldn't get too excited by new legal marijuana laws  
How Twitter is getting 'weaponized' in Israeli-Palestinian conflict  
Would you go to a mammogram party?  
The dangerous driving habit most of us are doing (and don't realize)  
The best video you'll see today: An entire gospel song devoted to fried chicken  
Judge denies Allen West a recount  
On the road to success #JobRaising  
LOOK: The insane arguments CEOs used to oppose basic human rights  
#FAIL: Oklahoma erects Ten Commandments monument with spelling errors  
Mother makes impassioned plea to thieves  
Is Mexico on its way to legalizing marijuana?  
Cory Booker: #Sandy delayed my decision on running for N.J. governor  
WATCH: Israel's 'Iron Dome' missile defense takes out rockets over Beersheba  
Man robbed a bank so he could go to jail  
You won't believe what this man was billed for  
Scathing report on immigration detention centers  
Is it a scarf? Or is it bacon?  
Food banks need turkeys after #Sandy (how to help)  
Kim Jong Un named the "Sexiest Man Alive"  
Microsoft learns a kindergarten lesson: Play nice!  
Mom, son, boyfriend shot to death in robbery gone wrong  
Nearly 8 in 10 young professions work from bed  
Arne Duncan implies in speech he will remain at Dept. of Ed for second term  
Air raid sirens wail in Jerusalem  
Downsizing from the perfect apartment  
What kind of parent are you?  
Big banks to pay more than $400 million to settle claims they misled investors  
Kate Moss: I didn't actually write my book  
What does it say about our country when behind bars is better than outside?  
China cracks down on iPhone-smuggling housewives  
Are you ever too old for adventure?  
Teen finds WWII-era love letters on beach after Sandy  
Hostess CEO on bankruptcy: "I'm certainly hopeful that ... the brands will live on."  
October 2012 ties for 5th warmest on record  
Homer Simpson is thankful your state wants to secede  
This Beat artist is finally getting her due  
WATCH: Deadly attacks continue in Israel and Gaza  
10 things you should never reveal on Pinterest  
Yet another GOP governor rejects key Obamacare provision  
California's secession attempt is laughable  
The one thing you need to handle holiday stress  
Need a job? The North Pole is calling  
Great news for California homeowners  
Nudists file suit against San Francisco over proposed nudity ban  
WATCH: Couples make out to support gay marriage in Paris  
Man's last words before a cop beat him to death: All I wanted was a Snickers bar  
New group brings disaster relief online in new way  
Burn, burn, burn: New trailer for 'On the Road' arrives  
Man executed says he's innocent  
Lytro's mind-bending "4D" pictures just got even trippier  
"Keep me on set, it's safer that way." - Lindsay Lohan  
The top reasons why Americans keep dropping out of high school  
Kim Kardashian weighs in on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
  
Surfers make amazing discovery  
Your WiFi hotspot after the next hurricane: This balloon  
WATCH: What will Obama's legacy be?  
BP criminal settlement "ain't gonna do nothing to help me"  
Man who started Alabama's secession petition is angry about losing his topless car wash  
The surprising way puberty could impact women's health  
Pioneer TV show creator explains why his life is a sitcom  
Jon Stewart slams Bill O'Reilly over 'traditional America'  
Jason Mraz makes actual history  
30 holiday gifts for guys...all under $100!  
Kate Middleton and Prince William's engagement was two years ago today!  
GAZA LIVE BLOG: Follow all the latest from here  
WATCH: Inspiring 11-year-old explains what autism is  
Tehran poised to expand nuke work, UN nuclear watchdog says  
Two reportedly killed in Gulf oil rig explosion  
Ben Affleck's biggest movie yet hits snag  
Historic traffic jam happened in the Senate women's bathroom  
Paralyzed Marine sues airline for allegedly forcing him to sit in urine  
LOOK: The adorable reason this newborn lamb is hanging out with dogs  
Selena Gomez hits the red carpet in a dress that says "Justin who?"  
Two reportedly dead in Gulf oil rig explosion  
12 things you didn't know about Twinkies!  
LOOK: Slideshow of adorable Obama fist bumps will make you very happy  
Ever wonder what would -- or wouldn't -- have happened if Britney and Justin never broke up?  
BREAKING: Gulf oil rig on fire, 4 sent to hospital  
Oil rig explosion off Louisiana coast  
Insanely creepy app features a "cute" girl who stares at you all day  
The incredible story of a transgender woman's life-changing trip  
10-year-old reunites with the fireman who saved him at birth  
Exes Demi Moore, Ashton Kutcher still working together on personal project  
WATCH: Deadly attacks continue in Israel and Gaza  
Good karma! Good Samaritan who had rent money stolen gets thousands in donations  
The best week ever in 11 steps  
Social workers visited starved baby shortly before he died  
Red Cross spends $181,000 on swanky hotel for Sandy relief workers  
A correction has been made to: "Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini Threatens
Layoffs If Fiscal Cliff Deal Fails"  
Oregon state rep. becomes first openly lesbian legislative leader  
Beaujolais Nouveau fans take a red wine bath to welcome the season  
Under international law, killing an enemy is more permissible than disarming him  
Mutilated skeleton found under parking lot may be medieval king's  
Hostess CEO on bankruptcy: "I'm certainly hopeful that ... the brands
will live on."  
Why one man is opting out of the #TSA's scanners (& why you should, too)  
Man kills son in attempt to kill ex-girlfriend  
A needed tool in the classroom: hip hop  
WWII-era love letters wash ashore after Sandy  
The top baby name trends for 2013  
Scott Harrison, founder of explains how he's making the water crisis go viral  #impactx 
NY man with cerebral palsy lost wheelchair, income, van to Sandy (how to help)  
WATCH: Tina Fey and Paul Rudd made a movie together  
Alert: Massive crib recall after 5-month-old dies  
Parent of kids killed by nanny set up fund in their memory  
Are you the ideal air passenger?  
Harry Reid's plan for filibuster reform: Talk or get out of the way  
What the Senate women's bathroom really needs  
The special Holiday Gift Guide issue of magazine is here  
Suspected Aurora shooter hospitalized in 'half hearted' suicide attempts  
What a birthday! Man turns 106 after being declared dead  
2 thieves, 3,600 iPad Minis, $1.5 million  
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go matchy-matchy again  
Check out the best achievements from Guinness World Records Day  
Defendant tells judge: "Just one more joint, please"  
Telescope duo may have spied universe's most distant object  
People are AWESOME: Strangers donate money to Good Samaritan who had rent stolen  
Fighting fire with ... excrement?  
Fed Ex, UPS accused of aiding websites selling illegal prescription drugs  
Meet the breakout star of 'Anna Karenina'  
A brief history of life during the reign of 'Twilight'  
More record WINS for LGBT equality  
Good news about one type of birth rate in the U.S.  
Are you ready for Jeremy Renner, SNL host?  
Crazy weather on Mars won't stop Curiosity from taking to the road  
Court rules on man who threw 5-year-old girl to alligators  
Scary: train crashes into wounded veterans float during parade  
Rockaways residents recount storm horrors (VIDEO)  
Is your fireplace making you colder?  
Just in: Ikea admits past use of forced prison labor by suppliers  
Mystery of 'stained glass' meteorites solved!  
Seven and a half things you need to know today  
Twinkies-maker seeks permission to liquidate  
Violence in Myanmar ahead of Obama visit  
War crimes tribunal overturns convictions of 2 Croatian generals  
Victim's brother speaks out when murder suspect turns out to be a cop  
Zac Efron kisses Rebel Wilson at Lakers game  
How NOT to take a photo of Beyonce and Jay-Z  
Guy Fieri defends restaurant after brutal review  
Macy's CEO on Trump firing petition: It is '"a free society"  
Traveling for the holidays? Here's how to "fly" through airport security  
Robert De Niro has 99 problems and Jay-Z is one  
New data reveals America's poorest state  
Shakira shows off her growing baby bump  
Denny's franchisee to add Obamacare surcharge to customer checks  
Colorado shooter hospitalized in "half hearted" suicide attempts  
26 reasons men cheat... according to men  
9 things you need to know about caffeine  
Kris & Bruce Jenner's $155 million fortune will make their rumored impending divorce very interesting  
Husband allegedly run over for Obama vote faces grim prognosis  
"Grey's Anatomy" star directed tonight's very special episode  
Nate Silver dishes on why he thinks life in Chicago tops life in NYC  
Would you visit an abusive parent on their death bed?  
Students sue their "diploma mill"  
11 steps to make this the best week of your life  
Cop accused of gang-style drive-by shooting  
The top religion photos of the day from around the world  
11 little-known facts about lefties  
The surprising thing that can convince someone they're beautiful  
Wait, WHAT's in Sarah Jessica Parker's hair?  
Woman sues Muslim barber for refusing to cut her hair  
Croatian boxer DQ'd for inexplicably punching the referee in the face  
It's Guinness World Records Day -- what records did you set?  
Scary: Fans Throw Explosives Onto Field During Soccer Match  
10 simple ways to reduce stress at home  
Al Gore autotuned (VIDEO)  
Teen denied confirmation for supporting gay marriage  
I was a fat kid -- and now I understand why  
12 things we'd put in the Senate women's bathroom  
BP's record criminal fine doesn't fix what still lies in ruin.  
One Direction's awkward moment on Ellen (WATCH)  
Bon Jovi's daughter gets heroin charges against her dropped  
The major health risk associated with puberty for women  
21 businesses that are in on the joke  
Theatergoer vomits from balcony during big Broadway show  
Solar-powered cars race through the world's driest desert  
Rare white whale sighting  
New York man claims he was conned out of $5 million lottery ticket  
Remembering the 11 workers who died aboard the Deepwater Horizon  
Drunken donuts? Bakery debuts booze-filled treats  
"World's Biggest Liar" will be crowned, but politicians aren't in the running  
US senators introduce resolution to honor Diwali  
Walmart workers plan huge Black Friday strike  
Dog kills woman right after it was adopted  
Government may become Uruguay's leading pot dealer  
Rockets fired from Gaza despite ceasefire  
Occupy Wall Street has written a personal finance book. Read all about it here  
A look back at the Gulf oil spill and ensuing legal cases  
Israel and Hamas fight war of words on Twitter  
Why I refuse to buy fake designer bags  
Education on the chopping block as fiscal cliff looms  
Jimmy John's CEO slams Obamacare but supports swanky private clinic  
Man cleans out desk and finds a million dollar WINNING lotto ticket  
Kendall & Kylie Jenner's big fashion move  
Petraeus was hoping to run this Ivy League school before the scandal broke  
BP pleads guilty to criminal charges for Gulf Spill  
State's affirmative action ban struck down as unconstitutional  
LOOK: The only chart you need to understand America  
1D headed for No. 1  
#ObamaGifts sound awesome  
Update: guy with the 16th Century art twin now has a matching outfit  
LISTEN: Rihanna's new song with Chris Brown  
Viral video shows Baltimore bus driver fighting with female passenger  
Spanish police caught on tape beating a 13-year-old boy during an anti-austerity protest  
OUCH: Comedian compares Palins to 'Honey Boo Boo'  
Why this Dad who lost his daughter will still wear the Livestrong bracelet  
Daycare owner convicted of murder left babies alone, say neighbors  
Colorado leukemia hoax may not violate law, prosecutor says  
Incredible 'lost' Rolling Stones photos resurface  
Check out your world today in pictures from The Huffington Post photo desk  
Just like the heist in "Goodfellas," but with iPads  
Dreams and prayers of peace for all people  #Israel #Gaza 
'Liz & Dick' producer: Working with Lindsay Lohan presented 'serious challenges'  
Pay $1, have a cute girl watch you  
Major snack company unveils controversial caffeinated Cracker Jacks  
Google just started mapping stars. Your move, Apple.  
Israel will stop assault on Gaza during Egyptian PM's visit  
Epic waste of alcohol or best idea ever?  
Americans would rather go to jail than give this up  
Report: Kate Middleton blows off Kim Kardashian  
Anti-abortion congressman's wife had 2 abortions: court transcripts  
$1.5 million worth of iPad Minis STOLEN in New York City  
Little boys find war heroes medals while looking for G.I. Joes in an antique shop!  
Lingerie model vanishes in Colorado  
Did Justin Bieber propose to Selena Gomez twice?!  
Tim TiVo? Tebow puts out unintentionally hilarious commercial  
Scott Harrison, founder of on how technology could help solve the water crisis  #impactx 
Get to know the woman who re-invented the red velvet cupcake  
This ad placement is just unfortunate  
Cop suspended for dunking head in bucket of urine  
Walmart workers plan huge Black Friday strike  
Rogue star is to blame for Earth's misaligned orbit, new theory says  
Man celebrates 106th birthday after being declared dead 76 years ago  
Trouble in paradise for Britney Spears and fiancé  
The state with the biggest jump in diabetes is...  
Officer filmed punching woman charged  
South African smuggler swallowed more than 200 diamonds  
Happy America Recycles Day!  
Would you visit an abusive parent on their death bed?  
Google (with its energy-sucking servers) wants to let you know it's thinking green  
When kids come home, is it still "my house, my rules"?  
Space telescope begins extended mission  
Space telescope begins extended mission  
Real-life 'Catch Me If You Can'  
Atheists sue IRS, demanding action on political activity by tax-exempt churches  
Nate Silver dishes on why he thinks life in Chicago tops life in NYC  
Will Obama pull his weight during U.N. climate talks?  
Kids vs. Dogs - the supercut  
WATCH: UK man gets full body wax for cancer charity!  
Telltale fossil links ancient panda to unlikely place  
Powerball jackpot surges  
At what point is it ok to admit you hate to cook?  
New York hospital can't afford $3 million bill after taking in Sandy victims  
"Grey's Anatomy" star directed tonight's very special episode  
'Wheel of Fortune' contestant is so close, yet so far  
Home to Motown stars to be demolished  
Education on the chopping block as fiscal cliff looms  
How to survive a wedding when you're dying inside  
Teacher fed students hot sauce-soaked crayons?  
Petraeus scandal amuses Taliban  
Husband allegedly run over for Obama vote faces grim prognosis  
The tackle Turkey Day with help from superfan  
The 'Best Places To Work' for LGBT employees  
Kris & Bruce Jenner's $155 million fortune will make their rumored impending divorce very interesting  
WATCH: Stephen Colbert on high-speed trading: "The speed of light is not fast enough"  
Help us give away five $10,000 prizes to these brilliant millennials! with  
Will Quentin Tarantino retire?  
Next hurricane, drones may be used for emergency cell phone service  
Man arrested after threatening to kill Obama on Facebook  
This beloved 87-year-old doctor has been charging his patients $5 per visit ... since the 1970s  
9 things you need to know about caffeine  
BP to pay $4.5B in Gulf oil spill settlement  
One way to do it... student sues college for an 'A'  
Success of Obamacare rests on how well insurance exchanges work  
How to fail at everything  
Search continues for missing hikers in Chile  
Crucial Obamacare deadline extended  
26 reasons men cheat... according to men  
Cutting food stamps has consequences  
Colorado shooter hospitalized in "half hearted" suicide attempts  
You've seen dozens of family portraits, but have you seen EXTREME family portraits?  
Restaurant offers dinner for a mere $26,000  
Denny's franchisee to add Obamacare surcharge to customer checks  
Shakira shows off her growing baby bump  
New data reveals America's poorest state  
Fired Walmart worker says cops handcuffed him as he promoted Black Friday strikes  
Will the US stay in Afghanistan past 2014?  
Robert De Niro has 99 problems and Jay-Z is one  
A pinch of attitude and cup of chili powder thwart robbery  
A new generation of entrepreneurs with a bold vision #JobRaising  
Powerball jackpot surges after no one matches winning numbers  
Rihanna opens up about wanting a family some day  
The Catholic Church spent HOW much to fight gay marriage!?  
Macy's CEO on Trump firing petition: It is '"a free society"  
Why do college students stress-drink?  
Starting a small business #JobRaising  
BP's record criminal fine doesn't fix what still lies in ruin.  
Light at night might be making you depressed  
How I learned to stop overeating  
Americans drink nearly the same amount of calories from booze as they do from sugar-sweetened drinks  
How to tell if you're too sick to go to work  
Watch this USC student face off with an undocumented immigrant  
The Killers reschedule UK tour dates after illness  
Kanye West and Bruce Springsteen teams for Sandy relief  
Rob Kardashian launches line of socks  
The Ke$ha and One Direction mashup the Internet has been waiting for (WATCH)  
One Direction pranks fans by pretending to be wax figures (WATCH)  
WATCH: on the latest in the Middle East  
Guy Fieri defends restaurant after brutal review  
How NOT to take a photo of Beyonce and Jay-Z  
Zac Efron kisses Rebel Wilson at Lakers game  
Sandy will cost Connecticut more than $360 million in damages  
No country for Kelly Clarkson  
Keira Knightley works blue  
Tell us where you've volunteered in the aftermath of #Sandy  
WATCH: Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen get a HUGE surprise  
Big change for Oscar fave 'Silver Linings Playbook'  
Malia Obama dealt with her braces gracefully. Me? Not so much  
Kristen Stewart: 'I just wanted something in my mouth'  
Coalition of nudists sues major U.S. city  
Man makes mistake gaffe trying to spend counterfeit bills at Target  
Anonymous to Gaza: "We will do everything in our power to hinder the evil forces of the IDF arrayed against you."  
Thanksgiving is next week and you're still probably not doing this right  
Carla Bruni's peculiar post-Elysee Palace gig  
Would you eat Thanksgiving dinner cooked under the hood of a car?  
The truth about buying organic foods for kids  
Sources say the Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez break up "absolutely, positively involved another woman."  
Veggieducken: The vegetarian turducken  
With marijuana legal in Colo., Wash., cops worry about stoned driving  
Virginia GOP official predicts Obama "goes to hell"  
Is life easier as a brunette?  
Meet China's new leader  
Attorney for charged BP employee: "This is not justice"  
In the UK, your Twitter rants can get you arrested  
GOP official makes ridiculous allegation about black voters  
Huge stash of iPad Minis stolen in "brazen" airport heist  
Screenwriter: Lincoln may have been gay but he wasn't "banging anybody"  
Reality show contestant says celebrity chef stiffed him on prize  
Does Ellen DeGeneres actually hate dancing?  
What's happened to the "Twilight" cast in four years?  
Sex school: Bring your "50 Shades" fantasies to life (NSFW)  
Why 'Breaking Dawn Part 2' has a new ending  
'Facts of Life' star has West Nile disease  
Now you can have your iPhone 5 and eat it, too  
LOOK: Papa John's anti-Obamacare meme goes viral  
Colbert somehow pisses off Windsor, Ont. by calling it 'Earth's rectum'  
Why nothing will EVER replace the cupcake  
A book full of lots and lots and lots of cute baby animals (PHOTOS)  
1986 law protecting your online privacy has big loophole -- and the government knows it  
Rihanna passes out drinks like a boss, courtesy of  
Israeli defense minister threatens Gaza militants  
There's a Beatles movie coming soon  
One school district's $400 million boondoggle? A computer tablet for every student  
Why is Ben Affleck comparing himself to convicted murderer Scott Peterson?  
A running diary of 'Breaking Dawn Part 2'  
Attorney General Holder addresses BP oil spill settlement  
Company knowingly sold potentially salmonella-tainted food  
Happy Birthday, Georgia O'Keeffe!  
Incredible before-and-after photos show two brothers who grew up to be EXACTLY what they wanted to be  
New survey offers revealing details about lives of drag queens  
Is the BP settlement justice?  PHOTO:  
Man injects penis with olive oil and things go terribly wrong  
Warren Buffett makes his 2016 presidential endorsement  
Have you worked at Dollar General, Dollar Tree or Family Dollar? Tell us about it. Email dave.jamieson@huffingtonpost.com 
If this dog going down a water slide doesn't brighten your day, nothing can  
School board member: 'It is basically a Jim Crow district'  
The poorest state in the nation revealed  
Do we hear wedding bells?  
Why do men wake up with morning wood?  
BuzzFeed’s office is as creative as they are  
Romney: Bill Clinton told me that #Sandy won Obama the election  
Did Justin Bieber propose to Selena Gomez twice?!  
Hacking Obama's DNA: is synthetic biology a security risk? (VIDEO)  
Jon Stewart slams Fox News for insulting single women  
Does this impress you much?  
Former NFL player left homeless after brain damage caused by concussions  
WATCH: Vintage news segment shows 90s kids in Super Nintendo therapy  
Kris & Bruce Jenner headed toward a divorce?  
Great news for recent college grads  
'Guide to Legal Marijuana Use' published by Seattle police  
Starbucks' latest menu addition  
BP agrees to Gulf oil spill settlement  
PHOTO: Teen's phone bill is MIND BLOWING  
Myanmar to free 450 prisoners ahead of Obama's visit  
Panetta not aware of any more names in Petraeus scandal  
25 things I've learned from being a dad  
"Parks and Rec" sneak peek: Look who's feuding!  
Last day to send your Diwali photos and reflections! Tweet or email religion@huffingtonpost.com.  
Principal makes plea to students: 'cover your butts up'  
The shocking things kids are being taught about 9/11  
Is the search for UFOs ending?  
Research reveals surprising link between abortion and poverty  
5-Hour Energy drinks reported as possible factor in 13 deaths
  
Hey, good lookin'! Student finds his twin in 16th century portrait  
How to stop people from hurting you  
The engagement that upstaged nature  
Controversy at 'Twilight' premiere party  
Rocket hits Tel Aviv  
James Holmes admitted to hospital  
NY hospital faces $3 million bill after taking in Sandy victims  
WATCH: Vegetative patient tells researchers he's not in pain  
Lance Armstrong foundation's drops his name  
WATCH: How counter-terrorism is threatening our national security  
Why women say they still want to be wives  
How Sandy almost killed the presidential exit polls  
H&M is promising women's clothing for $5 for Black Friday. Whoa.  
Teacher told to "train her breast not to make milk"  
WATCH: Today's top stories on HuffPost Live  
Charitable tax breaks could take hit during lame-duck session  
Petraeus breaks his silence  
When to book your #Christmas flight to score the best deals  
Why David Petraeus' email troubles should make you nervous  
Beauty executive talks work-life balance  
Why Diwali is relevant to non-Hindus  
Kendall Jenner and Jaden Smith hold hands while ice skating  
Julia Roberts would be proud of Gwen Stefani's outfit  
Charlie Murphy opens up on honoring Eddie Murphy  
You can shop Black Friday sales already, including Amazon and Macy's  
How to use your body language to be more powerful  
U.N. personnel did not "stand up for the rights of people they were mandated to assist," says leaked internal report  
WATCH: The best part of 'Skyfall'  
School tells transgender teen to use private restroom reserved for 'students with medical disabilities'  
Jobless claims WAY up after Hurricane #Sandy  
Warren Buffett: Republicans need to put "country over party"  
Real-life 'Tatooine' planets may have odd orbits  
Weird wriggling creature has HOW MANY legs?  
Ernest Hemingway's favorite cocktails  
Siblings make discovery in NY antique shop  
Two BP employees reportedly face manslaughter charges  
Is this skincare step necessary?  
.@StephenAtHome wishes viewers Happy Diwali, flaunts knowledge of Hinduism  
Seven and a half things you need to know today, by  
19 quotes from new parenting "masterwork"  
Transgender woman claims ranger shot her in the crotch with a taser  
Shepherds care for their flocks, but this one goes above and beyond  
Texas secession bid gains momentum  
Rihanna's on whirlwind seven city world tour, and is there #777  
Did the Petraeus-Broadwell affair first get leaked on... Wikipedia??  
10 signs your spouse is cheating  
Vegans get revenge on McDonald's  
"Jesus and Mary told me to kill him because he is satan's spawn!"  
Man charged in the rape of mentally disabled bus passenger  
Pinterest moves one step closer to raking in the $$  
Art dealer doesn't think Sandy will do much damage to his gallery. Boy, was he wrong  
UH OH: Microsoft gets sued over a supposed memory problem with Surface  
Jada Pinkett Smith rocked an orange jumpsuit on Capitol Hill today  
European Union to use Nobel Peace Prize money to help kids in conflict zones  
Sharon Osbourne lost nearly 30 lbs in 3 months  
Why even sex offenders should be able to keep their anonymity online  
With this kind of on-the-spot citizen journalism, who needs the tabloids?  
Another reason not to drink if you're pregnant  
Hilarious video narrates brown people's experience celebrating Diwali in the west  
Is Rasheed Wallace the next Aflac spokesduck?  
The 'Sexiest Man Alive' is also one of the most charitable  
Microsoft sued for false advertising  
Those hardest hit by the Great Recession were those who had the least  
Puerto Rican separatist sentenced for bank robbery to fund independence movement  
First photos of "Sister, Sister" star's baby boy!  
Where should biographers draw the line?  
Strip club to become Boys & Girls club  
Channing Tatum is People's "Sexiest Man Alive." Did his stripper past help?  
Ke$ha goes acoustic  
DA drops some marijuana possession cases after marijuana legalization passes in Colorado  
U.S. voices support for Israel after Gaza strike  
Pinterest now offering a new kind of account  
This bride wore a bedsheet to her wedding (trust us, it's a lovely story)  
Alabama native added to FBI's most wanted terrorist list  
Doctor who charges $5 a visit and can barely afford to pay his nurses won't raise fees  
Petition for feds to protect states with legal marijuana gets more than 25K signatures in 2 days  
Which actress does Gerard Butler think is the one who got away?  
Why Kelly Clarkson 'can't listen to' her own music  
Sikh festival of Bandi Chhor Divas -- a lesson in selflessness  
McCain: Maybe some of Romney's pollsters "ought to give some of their money back"  
President Obama's Diwali greetings  
Best Buy Black Friday deals revealed #blackfriday2012  
Obama: "I am a firm believer that climate change is real"  
"Couples Therapy" teen bride is going to make her singing debut  
Small town's ex-comptroller pleads guilty to stealing $53 million  
PHOTOS: Sandra Bullock and Camila Alves take kids on play date  
Why this fashion writer is give up on "flattering" clothes  
Tavis Smiley: The president owes black folk BIG time  
When the U.S. government wants to see user data, Google complies 90% of the time  
This city wants millions to find out whether their citizens are feeling groovy  
GOP governors demand more time from Obama on critical decision  
Kristen Stewart goes sheer in a sparkly jumpsuit at the "Breaking Dawn" London premiere  
Missing Iowa cousins parents appeal to kidnapper  
Google says Big Brother is watching more than ever before  
Egypt recalls ambassador to Israel  
If at first you don't succeed... keep failing  
The most surprising kosher foods  
The ultimate senior year bucket list  
Will this 'True Blood' star play Tarzan?  
Judge in beating video returns to bench after yearlong suspension  
Guess the percentage of women who still want to be wives  
Gingerbread Oreos are surprisingly awesome  
French Senate passes Nutella tax  
PHOTOS: Diwali festivities in Europe's first traditional Hindu temple  
7 sites you should be wasting time on right now  
Militants in Libya attack probably had links to al-Qaeda, U.S. general says  
The most outrageous wedding photobombs 
Blagojevich's former defense attorney eyes Jackson Jr.'s congressional seat  
Slain Hamas leader long topped Israel's wanted list  
Israeli military, Gaza militants trade fire  
An iPhone case you can eat?!?!  
How to prevent heart disease in women  
Rachel Maddow draws parallels between marijuana legalization and end of alcohol prohibition  
Finally a little more about Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer's twin babies  
Aww! Our favorite Obama fist bumps of 2012  
WATCH: Meryl Streep as Alice in trippy '80s stage performance  
Gap slammed with lawsuit  
Check out your world today in pictures from The Huffington Post photo desk  
Lauren Conrad dog-shames her puppy  
Startling revelation about Islamic web traffic  
Psychiatrist attacked with sledgehammer  
Top 8 agritourism destinations around the world  
Inspiring. How a jobless man befriended a homeless woman  
Study finds surprising link between abortion and poverty  
This game will show you how predictable you really are  
The significance of Govardhan Puja  
CEOs wrong to promote dangerous budget cut, 350 economists say  
Why are plus-size models always naked?  
What's the first word on 'Breaking Dawn Part 2'?  
Don't mess with a stripper's tips  
Wikipedia may have hinted at Petraeus affair -- way back in January  
'Bachelor' Ben Flajnik: I regret choosing Courtney Robertson  
Environmentalists protest earthquake testing  
Attention Ladies: What do you love most about being a woman? Submit a photo to using #whyilovebeingawoman 
The burning question David Hasselhoff has for Kim Kardashian  #nofilter 
The one place Elvis wanted to play, but never did  
BP to pay record fine for Gulf oil spill, source says  
Hilarious 'human system errors'  
Expedition to count endangered porpoises  
Check out Al Gore's 24-hour live broadcast: "The Dirty Weather Report"  
"I'm going to ask you something — have you seen 'Argo'?" 5 great quotes from Robert De Niro  
The worst haircuts of People's Sexiest Men Of The Year  
Why hesitation on energy policy hurts green job growth  
A guide to Washington D.C.'s Mount Pleasant for a key figure in the Petraeus scandal  
Gerard Piqué, from baby names to Shakira's new album  
Local pot dealer donates proceeds to #Sandy victims  
Gene mutation linked with tripled risk of Alzheimer's  
"I think super PACs as such are in fact very dangerous in the long run" -Newt Gingrich  
Adorable little girl does a really good job dressing as her cat for Halloween  
9 ways to treat acid reflux naturally  
Could this chemical keep men from cheating?  
Elizabeth Banks welcomes second son via surrogate  
State's wind energy goal could face setback  
Is the search for UFOs Over?  
National Book Award winners announced  
And People magazine's 2012 "Sexiest Man Alive" is...  
Which newlywed actress does Gerard Butler think is the one who got away?  
These news anchors had no idea what was coming  
9 almost impossible dreams you can never give up on  
"I don't mess with horses, bro."  
Beyonce looks AMAZING without a stitch of makeup  
Dave Matthews makes HUGE donation to Sandy relief  
What we can learn from sorority girls  
Bloomberg Businessweek's B-school poll blunder  
Undercover video reveals awful animal abuse at Butterball turkey farm  
Stupid Pet Tricks is still the best, as these dogs prove  
Mariah Carey is a diaper-duty diva, according to husband Nick  
The deep, dark secret the wedding industry is keeping  
Dad places bet with kids, photo of bet terms goes viral  
LOOK: Papa John's anti-Obamacare meme goes viral  
Strippers win $13 million in class action lawsuit  
America's best city for women is...  
PHOTO: Judge Judy celebrates her 70th birthday in a white bikini  
Beauty executive talks work-life balance  
Beyonce looks GORGEOUS without a stitch of makeup  
Christina Aguilera almost has a wardrobe malfunction on 'The Voice'  
Ashley Greene's outfit leaves little to the imagination  
The craziest, most bizarre tweets ever  
Bon Jovi daughter overdoses  
More than 40 states have started secession petitions  
Obama calls Israel, Egypt over Gaza attacks  
Why we need libraries  
4 people shot to death at wedding in Mexico  
Hunter found dangling upside down in a tree  
Secessionist cites Marxism as reason why Texas wants to secede  
Colbert loses it over pundits talking about 2016 already  
LISTEN: The full soundtrack for 'The Hobbit'  
You won't believe how this guy earns his salary  
Fiscal cliff means big cuts to teachers and special ed programs, especially in poor school districts  
Octomom accused of stealing  
No Madonna meeting for 'Real Housewife'  
Obama is facing a presidential curse  
The craziest church design we've ever seen  
Lance Armstrong's cancer charity formally drops his name  
Think stuffing's off the table, just because you're gluten-free? Think again.  
Happy Birthday, Monet!  
How one family helped their teen son come out  
Denny's franchisee to add Obamacare surcharge to customer checks  
Is this runway hair trend amazing or a mess?  
Fossilized teeth suggest strange diet for human ancestors  
The benefits of meditation  
Government is *almost* ready to update decades-old rules  
For many war vets, benefits are still M.I.A.  
'Twilight' star had to fight to get on 'Breaking Dawn' soundtrack  
Gerard Butler reportedly thinks Jessica Biel is the one that got away  
Mummified bat found in box of cereal  
Colorado man arrested for allegedly wanting to be the 'guy who killed Obama'  
Lana Del Rey steps out in London with rocker boyfriend  
WATCH: New trailer for 'Oz The Great And Powerful'  
What should Hillary Clinton do when she retires?  
Justin Bieber was pulled over by the police Tuesday evening  
Romney economic adviser calls for raising taxes on the rich  
Hollywood's most dashing gents get dapper for GQ (PHOTOS)  
The single greatest cause of sea level rise  
Kristen Stewart on 'Twilight': 'It's good to say goodbye'  
What industry should Nate Silver dominate next?  
Nate Silver's next stop: Hollywood?  
Did the president of J. Crew just come out?  
"Vegan" activists destroy beloved local landmark  
What do #Sandy victims have to do to get credit card help?  
'A people without a culture is a people that loses its identity'  
Is austerity the only option?  
How Wall Street might still kill financial reform  
More than 40 states have started secession petitions  
Denny's franchisee to add Obamacare surcharge to customer checks  
This cute kid's father underestimated the Internet's love for cats  
Cast your vote for our 'Millennial Impact Challenge' reader's choice finalists!  
Nancy Pelosi to remain leader of House Democrats  
iPad Mini? Meh. Try these 2 tablets instead.  
What your daughter is seeing when she watches TV  
Self-healing synthetic 'skin' may bring prosthetics breakthrough  
Bon Jovi daughter overdoses  
The craziest, most bizarre tweets ever  
Video appears to show Israel assassinating Hamas military chief  
You can now live next door to the Obamas  
Murdered Iraqi wife wanted divorce  
"No other city combines the elegance of Europe with such a uniquely American personality." A SanFrancisco love letter  
U.S. announces additional $30 million in aid for Syria  
WATCH: on HuffPost Live!   
How to invest in pot  
Thief steals from woman helping at car crash scene  
Police: DUI suspect was traveling with dead skunk  
The return of Blink-182  
Ashley Greene's outfit leaves little to the imagination  
Chelsea Handler to Donald Trump: "Go the f*ck away"  
Legal weed coming to your state?  
Bureaucrats make Santa buy a business license  
"Women...are about to have this amazing opportunity to shift the political conversation"  
Controversy erupts when trans teen is allegedly denied access to men's room  
A road to sweet success #JobRaising  
VIDEO: Doctor's horrific car accident while allegedly drunk  
Can you take anti-depressants if you are pregnant?  
Check out Kobe Bryant's new inspiring project  
VIDEO MASHUP: Petraeus affair spurs media obsession  
Strange starless world discovered near our solar system  
How to build your business by expanding your network #JobRaising  
Christina Aguilera almost has a wardrobe malfunction on 'The Voice'  
Diane Kruger's risque look  
Weed dealer donates proceeds to Hurricane #Sandy victims  
How Tucker Max says writers can make more money  
Sarah Ferguson hits up the club scene with daughter Princess Eugenie  
All-you-can-eat Burger King buffet?!  
"I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers." -Claude Monet  
Just in: MF Global collapse WAS Corzine's fault, Congressional probe discovers  
Beyonce looks GORGEOUS without a stitch of makeup  
The surprising things kids are being taught about the War on Terror  
Mom who threw sons over bridge onto highway released from jail  
Curing hangovers, one strip of bacon at a time  
The most outrageous wedding photobombs  
6.1 magnitude earthquake hits Chile  
Sorry ladies, men apparently hate this  
WATCH: New "Grand Theft Auto" trailer released  
Anna Wintour and Diane Von Furstenberg crown the "next big thing" in fashion  
PHOTO: Judge Judy celebrates her 70th birthday in a white bikini  
Talk about mixed signals...  
Jason Statham's a lucky guy  
Madonna does 'Gangnam Style'  
Take a tour through America's largest fetish pornography company (PHOTOS)  
Bob Barker oil painting may sell for millions on eBay  
Nancy Pelosi smacks down reporter for 'offensive' question  
WATCH: Open letter to Obama says U.S. science education is 'awful'  
Obama, on Romney: I do think he did a terrific job running the Olympics 
Obama: What I will not do is to have a process that is vague, that says we're going to "sorta kinda...raise revenue" 
Obama on Petraeus: I have no evidence at this point..that classified information was disclosed. 
Obama: I wont pretend that figuring out everything else will be easy…but I know we have to. 
Scientists point to big change in pop music  
WATCH LIVE: President Obama holds news conference  
Wisconsin lawmakers back bill to arrest officials who implement Obamacare  
Police find disturbing evidence of possible assault, but no victim  
Thousands of sea creatures at risk in proposed earthquake study  
Irish woman dies after being denied abortion  
Apparently this guy had NO idea how much the Internet loves cats  
Ashley Greene says goodbye to 'Twilight'  
7-year-old's Facebook plea for a cat goes viral -- and gets him his pet  
The GOP has a grand old problem  
Jimmy Kimmel explains the Petraeus scandal  
Bed bugs, meet your new worst nightmare  
America's best city for women is...  
LOOK: 7 Obama-hating CEOs who've THRIVED under him  
FEMA reportedly failing to find temporary housing for #Sandy victims  
What scares Chris Pine most  
A glimpse into the underground world of drag kings  
This product really exists, you can really purchase it  
Wave of bombings kills 17 across Iraq  
Mother gunned down at Walmart by stalker ex-boyfriend  
School district sued for restricting access to book about a lesbian family  
Teacher accused of turning teen student gay  
WATCH: Andrew Garfield shows off 'Single Ladies' dance moves  
A week in the life of a restaurant owner post-Sandy  
WATCH: Meysi, contender for world's smallest dog, stars in new video  
Can single friends destroy your marriage?  
MA governor celebrates #Diwali in State House  
J.K. Rowling and others on how to let go  
The election may be over, but the debate over Benghazi isn't  
Toyota recalls 2.77 MILLION cars  
Meet the CEO who's hiring because of Obamacare  
Heartwarming friendship becomes viral sensation  
WATCH: China plans to launch a manned space shuttle in 2013  
Madonna moons fans at NYC concert  
The best #Diwali photos from around the world  #MyLights 
What "Desperate Housewives" may be doing to your daughters -- and sons...  
Huge Powerball drawing tonight. What are your lucky numbers?  
This could revolutionize healthcare for the poor  #impactx 
Hurricane #Sandy was so strong it set off U.S. earthquake monitors  
Hardware store owner apologizes for urging employees to vote Romney  
Vatican launches anti-gay media attack, compares gay marriage to polygamy  
Dad places bet with kids, photo of bet terms goes viral  
WATCH: Vegetative patient tells researchers he's not in pain  
A majority of American workers admit coming to work when they're contagious  
My pick for best-dressed star of the year might surprise you  
WATCH: Meysi, possibly world's smallest dog, stars in awesome new video  
Why do these celebs look so different?  
The 'greatest interview in TV history'?  
Religious scholar accused of torturing 5-year-old daughter to death  
WATCH: Obama promises action on immigration  
Visionary artist Will Barnet dies at 101  
Beautiful epigraphs about love  
Suspected North Korea missile parts seized en route to Syria  
What does #Diwali mean to you? Tweet or email religion@huffingtonpost.com.  
Why this feminist atheist celebrates #Diwali  
The fiscal cliff will have dire consequences for California  
Stunning photos of a long friendship between a grandma and her cat  
'My book was used to defend my father's killer'
  
BREAKING: Nancy Pelosi to stay on as House Democratic leader, according to news reports  
Man arrested for allegedly wanting to be the 'guy who killed Obama'  
Sen.-elect Angus King (I-Maine) to caucus with Democrats  
Pelosi to make big announcement today  
The United Nations 'failed to protect Sri Lankan civilians,' says leaked report  
AT&T may have found another, billion $ business opportunity  
Inside Olivia Wilde's LA home  
Brave hero says losing his leg was worth it  
This is NOT what you'd expect an extreme couponer to do  
Extreme body modification enthusiast 'Stalking Cat' dead at 54  
He was once a star on the most popular show on TV, but now this 'CSI' actor claims he is bankrupt  
What Papa John's doesn't want you to know about Obamacare  
Which former child star asked for help?  
And People magazine's 2012 "Sexiest Man Alive" is...  
Court rules that police tried to cover up cop's videotaped beating of bartender  
How do you maintain work-life balance?  
CHART: Who's really on Twitter?  
Seven and a half things you need to know today, by  
Yikes! The 16 worst responses to a breakup  
5 reasons Microsoft's Windows boss left the company so suddenly  
Texas secession petition racks up more than 80,000 signatures  
How a convert to Hinduism found meaning in #Diwali  
The meaning of #Diwali -- love, justice and community  
Woman fakes PTSD to ditch jury duty  
Accused of murdering wife, man pleads not guilty  
The important thing many women lose after divorce  
Russell Westbrook makes good use of an opponent  
University accidentally tells students: 'shots fired ... suspect at large'  
Nicole Kidman opens up about Tom Cruise  
Now that word's out about a third Bridget Jones book/movie, who should play her?  
Short animated film explains story of #Diwali  
Janeane Garofalo was married to her 90s boyfriend for 20 years ... and didn't know it  
Plane crashes into Mississippi home, killing 3  
Town's ex-comptroller to plead guilty in $53 million scam  
This is making us hungry...  
It's the word everyone is throwing around. But just what is sequestration?  
Here's when BlackBerry 10 phones should hit stores  
Move over, David. This girl's post-dental surgery video is hilarious  
You won't believe how this heckler takedown ends  
Stephenie Meyer, is that you?  
Diamond sells for $21.5 million, setting record  
Goldman Sachs CEO: "It's clear that size and complexity come with a higher cost"  
Mexico prints images of missing on tortilla wrappers  
How the work of humans amplified Hurricane Sandy's damage  
4-year-old debuts as first model with Down syndrome in a British TV ad  
Bill Pullman is a rare fruit obsessive  
Why 'Breaking Dawn' was almost rated R  
Obama on extending Bush tax cuts for wealthy: "I'm not going to budge"  
Store owner apologizes for urging employees to vote Romney  
Store owner apologizes for urging employees to vote Romney  
How Buddhism helped me to be a better Catholic  
Ignored during campaign, climate change talk heats up  
How Syria's neighbors are drawn into the conflict  
Catholics and Mormons -- partners in the struggle for women's ordination?  
PHOTOS: HTC unveils new Android phone with stunning screen  
Malala's lessons for the Muslim world  
Seven cases of court-ordered shaming  
Reporter sucker punched on camera  
Is 2028 the end of the world as we know it?  
John Elway puts it on the line again in latest comeback as Broncos executive  
Why it is important for America to officially recognize #Diwali  
The Onion picks GOP's 2016 front-runner  
Bomb blasts kill at least 10 in Iraq  
Why pluralism should matter to atheists  
Nutrition experts' favorite snacks  
Justin Bieber basically is making a "Selena Who" statement with this picture  
The 25 best diet tricks of all time  
Catherine Zeta-Jones talks about her struggle with bipolar disorder  
Beloved comedy institution ending  
The FDA wanted to shut down the meningitis-linked pharmacy in 2003, report finds  
Is Potus planning to visit Putin?  
The secret to making a Hollywood marriage work?  
Other ways Elmo could ruin our childhood  
Republican state legislator asks to be paid in gold coins  
Enough's enough: campaign reformers call for cap on super PAC donations  
Groups review environmental storm damage after #Sandy  
Girl upset over Bronco Bama and Mitt Romney reacts to election result  
Warning: Looking at the following images may injure your self-esteem. But it's well worth it!  
Your coworkers are making you sick  
High-profile entrepreneur fed up with Facebook  
Matthew Broderick talks all about his awkward new TV role  
Happy Movember, everyone!  
The most expensive cheese in the world  
News anchor arrested for DUI after crash  
A 20, 30, even 60 year age gap didn't keep these Hollywood couples apart  
Can't breastfeed in public? Call the Milk Truck  
State commission to consider changes to oil and gas drilling rules  
Poll: Support for Obamacare repeal hits all-time low  
Is 'Skyfall' a serious Oscar contender?  
Valedictorian accused of killing mentally ill mother  
Benefits refused to IVF-born children after father dies  
Movies NOT to watch before getting on a plane  
The state of women in media? Not so good ...  
These celebrities look SO different  
Kristen Stewart: "I'm kinda desperate to get a job right now"  
How one Facebook page became a lifeline for Sandy victims  
Diwali celebrations in a New York City apartment  #MyLights 
Check out your world today in pictures from The Huffington Post photo desk  
Pakistan lights up for #Diwali  #MyLights 
Bradley Cooper says goodbye to his Sexiest Man Alive title ... with George Clooney!  
Hearing in Afghan rampage case comes to an end  
Powerball jackpot at $185 million  
"Modern Family" producers reportedly wanted Ariel Winter's mother banned from set  
Experiments with marijuana reform from across the country  
Celebs who went broke post-split  
Prepare to be shocked by these unintentionally sexual optical illusions  
School district lures parents to pick up kids' report cards with gift cards  
This kid is prepared for doomsday--especially the watermelon attacks!  
Are the Pyramids and Sphinx in Egypt at risk for destruction?  
What will Bieber tell Oprah?  
Mick Jagger's girlfriend is 6'3" and still wears heels  
Man hit by NYPD patrol car was fined $1,000 in damages  
Rev. Pat Robertson excuses 'lonely' Gen. Petraeus: 'He's a man'  
This actress was married for 20 years to her 90s boyfriend ... and didn't even know it  
Officials seize hundreds of deadly snakes  
Prince William's cousin bares her bra (PHOTOS)  
This burger costs how much?!  
Just try not to be hypnotized by this news anchor  
One-room hotel installed in public bathroom  
Why you REALLY want to secede  
Let's cast the inevitable David Petraeus movie  
Rescuers faced treacherous conditions reaching lost snowboarders  
Misty Copeland stuns in beautiful new calendar (PHOTOS)  
LOOK: Office workers line up for 3,000 free vibrators  
New Year's Eve possum drop sparks cruelty debate  
Student finds his 'missed connection' in New York with help from Redditors  
Shannen Doherty calls 911 over suicidal Twitter follower  
"Super Seniors" at California state colleges targeted for an extra round of fees  
Here's one way to go to a doctor's appointment: Kobe's private helicopter  
FAIL: Goalkeeper's clearing attempt bounces off opponent's head, accidentally scores goal  
10 destinations that are on the rise  
Vatican launches 'anti-gay media blitz'  
The 16 biggest scaredy dogs of all time  
WOW! These celebs look totally different than they used to  
Brazen art thieves leave paintings in a very strange location  
Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick's bizarre TV obsession  
Jessica Simpson looks unbelievable after losing 60 pounds  
Husband uses gps to catch teacher having sex with student, cops said  
Obama: "To those celebrating Diwali, I wish you, your families and loved ones Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak"  
PHOTO: Colorado governor poses with some munchies  
The bizarre names Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt and George Clooney use when checking into hotels  
Report: U.N. failed to protect Sri Lankan civilians  
NJ Facebook page sent help to Sandy victims  
He crashed his car into their home, but offered pizza in return  
Global carbon dioxide emissions hit new record in 2011  
Disturbing eyewitness account of a man dragging girl by her hair sets police on search for kidnapped teen  
Number of unemployed adults living with their parents has DOUBLED since 2007  
Carla Bruni debuts little Giulia Sarkozy  
Approx. 1 million veterans will transition to civilian life by 2016. Do we have a plan in place for them?  #impactx 
Woman wins HUGE court victory after wrongful conviction  
Allen West's post-loss options already opening up  
We can't get enough of Bjork's new video  
Swedish House Mafia announce major final show news  
What can Muslims learn from #Diwali?  
The best cosplay of all time  
A Sikh perspective on #Diwali  
Why this evangelical Christian is celebrating #Diwali  
Dumb-dumb, why would you buy an iPad mini??  
Samsung just got creepy... very creepy  
Olivia Wilde is leaving Los Angeles for darker climes (and love)  
This baby panda will fill your heart with joy  
Warning: This gorgeous, viral photo of "India during Diwali night" is FAKE  
Paula Broadwell's yearbook slogan: "Work hard, play harder!"  
G.O.P. = "Grand Ol' Phone"? The case for why BlackBerry is like the Republican Party  
A look at what went wrong for 4 American top generals  
Jesse Jackson Jr. leaves the Mayo Clinic  
President Obama sends #Diwali greetings  
Jason Biggs defends controversial Romney tweets  
#1d in 3D?  
Teen mom accused of poisoning infant  
Another GOP-led state refuses to set up Obamacare insurance exchange  
"I'm good, let's roll" man says before execution  
Sound the Photoshop fail alarm!  
Twist in case of wrongfully imprisoned murder suspect  
Beautiful #Diwali lights and decorations from around the world  
How to get your baby to clean your floor  
10 of Neil Young's best musical moments  
Congresswoman to take oath over the Bhagavad Gita  
Two tablets to consider instead of the iPad Mini  
Adorable photos of college sweethearts who tied the knot 50 years after dating  
10-year-old no longer wants to go to school because of teacher's awful comment  
Why aging gracefully beats aging grumpily  
New show for Kate Gosselin?  
Uh-oh: will clouds thwart eclipse-viewers?  
Volunteers rebuild NJ town that lost a whopping 80% of homes  
Can the Kevin Bacon six degrees game help with memory loss?  
These rumors are getting ridiculous  
Gabby Douglas and Allyson Felix get glam for Glamour's Women Of The Year Awards (PHOTOS)  
13% of Americans would rather do their taxes than do this  
Amazon has all your zombie apocalypse survival needs  
Lea Michele: a dog peed on me and ruined my spray tan  
Starbucks workers win the tip of a lifetime  
Hero passerby saves girl from kidnapping attempt  
Meet some of the conservatives whose views are evolving on immigration reform  
WATCH: Drunk Texas A&M fan starts fight at New Orleans airport  
How Hurricane #Sandy changed my #Diwali celebration  
What would you say to your 20-year-old self?  
10 things this 16-year-old blogger learned from listening to new album, "Take Me Home"  
America's best #Thanksgiving Day parades  What's your favorite? 
How Hurricane #Sandy changed #Diwali for me  
France's president faces growing criticism  
Man who accused voice of 'Elmo' of underage sex recants his story  
David Cross' doppelganger is running for office in Switzerland  
WATCH: Yes, this is a keyboard made of beer cans  
Security software pioneer claims he's being framed for murder  
Nokia unleashes gorgeous new maps app  
Why the Petraeus scandal matters to you and your online privacy  
Ankles aren't supposed to bend this way  
More bad news for Toni Braxton  
Republican governor: GOP should "stop being the stupid party"  
Insurgents hit Afghan capital with rockets, 1 killed  
PHOTOS: Young celebrity couples  
Ohio state senator wears shirt with new meaning for GOP: "Get Out of my Panties"  
Lawyer: Deadly fire '100%' the fault of daycare worker  
A haunted toaster and the greatest interview ever  
WATCH: Little girl upset over 'Bronco Bama' and Mitt Romney finally has a reason to smile  
White House petition urges President Obama to support federal law protecting states with legal marijuana  
WOAH! These celebs look totally different than they used to  
Former 'Star Wars' designer discusses possibility of directing 'Episode VII'  
Champagne harvest is worst in over 4 decades  
Letterman reveals how Romney is coping  
Will Guillermo Del Toro direct 'Star Wars'?  
Papa John's allegedly sent 500,000 illegal text messages to customers  
10 things on Pinterest that should be kept a secret  
5 workout mantras that are BAD for your body  
Feeling cynical? These two gentlemen will restore your faith in humanity  
Royal submariner tried to spill top secret intel to Russia  
Usain Bolt to Gordon Ramsay: Let's open a restaurant  
Vatican compares gay marriage to polygamy  
I survived poverty #JobRaising  
Firework strapped to cat's back explodes, killing cat  
"Modern Family" producers reportedly wanted Ariel Winter's mother banned from set  
WATCH: 4-year-old with Down syndrome stars in major holiday commercial  
Pizza Hut releases crazy new kind of pizza  
WATCH: talks about the lack of Latino political pundits on television  
Teacher accused of turning teen student gay  
The one thing I would have done differently on my wedding day  
The only apps you'll need this holiday travel season  
The only apps you'll need this holiday travel season  
The one thing Senate Dems think Romney got right  
When British socialites flash their underwear  
Congratulations go out to new mom Tamera Mowry  
Woman allegedly swallows 51 condoms filled with WHAT?  
A new phase in the war over Obamacare  
Who will take the fall for Colbert Super PAC?  
3 tips to beat the winter blues  
How nutrition experts REALLY snack  
After I had a baby, my style became dowdy, while my husband became...stylish? What is going on here?  
Keira Knightley addresses rumors she's anorexic  
Is One Direction getting too racy for its fans? #1d  
Anti-virus mogul wanted for questioning in connection with murder  
WATCH LIVE: Total solar eclipse happening in 5 mins  
Occupy Wall Street's next move  
How nonprofits are creating the jobs of the future #JobRaising  
So, how DID Daniel Day-Lewis find Lincoln's voice?  
Tonight we're going to party like it's 1947  
Don't you wish you looked like this? (PHOTOS)  
Selena Gomez looks fabulous post Bieber split while taking top honors at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards  
Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez once broke up over Miley Cyrus???  
WATCH: Jon Stewart and Mike Huckabee duke it out over gay marriage  
WATCH: Lindsay Lohan turns 1950s star  
Remember her?  
The GOP problem that won't go away  
Who knew that you could wear camel hair?  
Chick-fil-A named America's favorite sandwich chain  
This is not a strawberry  
Lena Dunham kept it real at Glamour's Women Of The Year awards #WOTY  
Keira Knightley goes topless for Allure  
Bad news for INXS fans  
Washington Post editor steps down  
Michael Sheen explains his 'Breaking Dawn' appearance  
People who are WAY too happy to be on a plane  
"Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star: "I whore myself out to anyone who will pay me"  
'Prominent religious scholar' accused of torturing his 5-year-old daughter to death  
Snooki goes red!  
Seven decades after he wrote it, WW II soldier's symphony gets a standing ovation  
The shocking things American schools are -- and aren't -- teaching  
"There is no such thing as reproduction"  
Alabama gun store uses smooth R&B tune in ad to sell firearms to 'ladies'  
Yet ANOTHER top military official in trouble  
Inside JFK’s childhood home  
Why are humans made of carbon?  
Stevie Nicks compares 'Twilight' to 'Jane Eyre'  
32 quotes that prove Ryan Gosling is the best  
What baby weight? Jessica Simpson debuts major weight loss on the red carpet  
'Halo 4' made more $$ in one day than the film 'Titanic' cost to produce  
11-month-old OD'd on heroin  
Man who cut off woman's hands and stabbed her to death, 138 times, to be executed  
Egyptian Jihadist wants pyramids and sphinx destroyed  
How not to get into Disney World for free  
Thou shalt not bite thine fellow priest's ear off  
What to do after the toilet paper roll runs out  
Jon Stewart blasts Gretchen Carlson's Petraeus conspiracy theory  
ADORABLE: Navy dad surprises son as Darth Vader  
New details about 'Anchorman 2'  
FIRST LISTEN: Barbra Streisand's son sings theme song for gay Christmas movie  
Y chromosome upends popular theories about 'junk DNA'  
'CSI' star files for bankruptcy  
Why do powerful men cheat more than powerful women?  
WATCH: Super PACs didn't buy the election  
Applebee's faces backlast over Obamacare threat  
World Pole Dancing Championship!  
These animals are NOT impressed  
Two Good Samaritans risk their lives for an alleged drunk driver  
The '50 Shades of Chicken' cookbook features lots of poultry porn  
Deadly fire '100%' the fault of daycare worker, lawyer says  
Texas Gov. Rick Perry takes stand on Texas secession  
Grandfather finds 5 relatives dead in garage  
Would you buy this on eBay?  
David Cameron has an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction  
Sriracha might want to watch its back  
Look: Hong Kong's most expensive apartment just sold for an eye-popping $60 million  
Rich kids are more likely to be allergic to peanuts  
Are the labor unions learning from Obama's campaign?  
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson pose together on the red carpet  
Rihanna is one strategically placed hand away from being naked on the cover of GQ  
Controversial treaty actually raised U.S. wages, study finds  
Can this initiative help the 1.5 million veterans seeking jobs as unemployment looms?  #impactx 
'My toaster is possessed by the Devil'  
'Anna Karenina' director hates the term 'Oscar bait'  
WATCH: The new 'Twilight'?  
Tulsi Gabbard, the first Hindu-American in Congress, to make history again  
Kristen Stewart wins for raciest dress of the night  
Larry Summers: Fiscal cliff dangers not a "license for terror"  
First ever map of 'adolescent' universe created by astronomers  
Serial rapist's wife hid the evidence?  
The word of the year is...  
Tiny kitten's rescue goes viral  
'Before and after' portraits of crystal meth users  
How BlackBerry is like the Republican Party  
What about all the pets left behind during Hurricane Sandy?  
Obama's top Wall Street ally endorses tax hikes for the rich  
2 simple spy tricks David Petraeus could have used to hide his affair  
Windows boss departs from Microsoft  
Bono praises Barack Obama: 'An extraordinary man'  
Occupy Wall Street wants to get rid of your debt  
Is this the end of the 'white man era'?  
Seven and a half things you need to know today, by  
CERN particle collider data casting doubt on popular physics theory  
French nationalists demonstrate against Islam  
A Diwali greeting from outer space  #Diwali 
India celebrates Kali Puja  
How are you celebrating #diwali today? Tweet your pics to 
What does #diwali mean to you? Share with Use #diwali 
Leukemia survivor hopeful of PGA Tour return
  
“We were living way above our means in a 10,000-square-foot house. There wasn’t a lot to get, honestly.”  
Are Muslim Americans into the salad bowl or just the melting pot?  
Student threatens to open fire at DC-area college campus  
Macy's under pressure to "dump Trump"  
GOP governors facing backlash over opposition to Obamacare  
Cities pitch innovative plans in NY mayor $9 million contest  
For true romantics: college sweethearts tie the knot 50 years later  
Swift prevails, yet again  
BREAKING: Guy in change of Windows out at Microsoft  
Why do Sikhs celebrate #Diwali?  
Cheeto is rescued, video goes viral  
Police gave girls from one of Rio de Janeiro's biggest slums their own fairy tale  
Huge change coming to 'Today'  
How this evangelical Christian will celebrate #Diwali tonight  
Sierra Leone has the highest maternal mortality rate in the world - new site makes it easy to help  #impactx 
Why this "Twilight" star is getting dark and sexy in a graveyard (PHOTO)  
Your daily dose of AWW: college sweethearts reunite 50 years later  
Large number of Americans say immigration reform should be priority: HuffPost/YouGov poll  
Vatican sends #Diwali greetings to Hindus around the world  
Petraeus case shows FBI's authority to probe Gmail inboxes  
Brooklyn Nets star Deron Williams thinks he saw a UFO during Hurricane Sandy  
Cat killed after firework strapped to its back explodes  
PHOTOS: What does rebirth mean to you?  
Founder of giant anti-virus firm wanted for murder  
Hepatitis C drug trial shows 100% cure rate  
Probiotics may improve cholesterol, small study suggests  
19 reasons to meditate  
32 great quotes from Ryan Gosling  
This Jesuit university just said "hell no!" to Ann Coulter  
Former Bush adviser has stern warning for Republicans who talk about rape  
PHOTOS: Sikhs celebrate #Diwali  #MyLights 
Palestinians set date for UN bid  
Bieber covers 'Cry Me a River'  
Administration nears decision on post-2014 troops levels, Panetta says  
Tavi Gevinson's evolution from fashion to feminism  
Student creates virtual iPhone keyboard we all wish Apple would make  
Could Democrats pick up another Senate seat?  
Saudi father allegedly tortures 5-year-old daughter to death  
No sushi for you! Billionaire banned from hip sushi restaurant  
15-year-old boy is tragic victim of unrelenting violence in Honduras  
Startup spends $10 million mocking Mitt Romney  
New book details Lincoln's early dedication to atheism  
Kim Kardashian wears her leather uniform again in Miami  
More than 80 companies have committed to collectively hiring 100,000 veterans by 2020  #impactx 
Christina Aguilera's album falls short, but ever-so slightly  
Nick Swisher and JoAnna Garcia expecting first child  
"Twilight" star gets dark, deadly in new PETA ad (VIDEO)  
Janeane Garofolo forgot she was married for 20 years  
Retired WW II soldier gets a moving surprise on Veteran's Day  
Same-sex marriage set to make MILLIONS for states 
California to officially launch cap-and-trade system this week  
Spanish woman sells organs to pay rent  
Sure, why not stuff your turkey with cupcakes?  
Amanda Seyfried is a natural beauty  
Scientists create 'perfect' invisibility cloak  
Bono to urge U.S. politicians not to cut aid programs  
Princess Diana's epic sunglasses  
Are you celebrating #Diwali? Share your photos and reflections with Email religion@huffingtonpost.com  
21 people having way too much fun at the museum  
Murder charges for mom whose baby overdosed on drugs  
Proposed coal railroad faces federal review  
Someone thinks aliens are messing with the reproductive system -- and he won an election  
Another future victim of climate change?  
5-year-old Luke Skywalker gets the surprise of his life  
Mason Tvert talks marijuana legalization on "Real Time with Bill Maher"  
How BlackBerry is like the Republican Party  
The word on Lana's new album  
Lana Del Rey's new album is pretty much her old album, per this review  
Comet study seems to solve riddle of perpetually 'youthful' star  
It's a boy for "Party of Five" actor Scott Wolf  
Why does this girl have to drink 6 pints of milk a day?  
Check out your world today in pictures from The Huffington Post photo desk  
Britney Spears goes incognito as she checks into a hotel  
Britney Spears goes incognito as she checks into a hotel  
The shocking things American schools are -- and aren't -- teaching  
Leading HuffPost: MESS - Top General Caught In Petraeus Scandal  
Veteran opens fire in police station, shot to death  
Get your fingers on a Basquiat masterpiece for a fraction of the cost  
"It's pitch dark, and there's a room packed with people laughing. It was so surreal"  
U.S. stores begin to see LED lightbulbs  
King Coal hasn't abdicated throne in Kentucky  
A photojournalist reflects on his Superstorm #Sandy experience  
Google doubles down on risky YouTube bet  
LOOK: This Iwo Jima cake can feed 400 people!  
PHOTOS: Kourtney Kardashian tours Paris with son Mason  
Huh? Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez reunite at NYC hotel? Can someone tell us what is going on?  
14 reasons to love Anne Hathaway  
Legal battle rages over...gummy bears?  
Exec ousted over inappropriate relationship to receive $3.5 million  
More than 350,000 people want Macy's to "dump Trump"  
Grover Norquist's startling accusation about Obama  
Readers trash Businessweek after college poll backfires  
Woman divorces husband over 'Fifty Shades Of Grey'  
Rihanna is one strategically placed hand away from being naked on the cover of GQ  
Could this be the new "50 Shades of Grey"?  
National parks embrace electric vehicle chargers  
New site lets you watch Romney's plunging Facebook popularity  
Well here's a lyric you don't hear every day  
Student invents way to type on a tabletop  
Iceland to the world: You name us  
De-stress your home with one of these  
Are Katy Perry and John Mayer still dating?  
Could GOP lose an entire generation of young voters to Dems?  
FBI agents visit home of Petraeus' lover  
#Twilight star opens up about exes in Seventeen Magazine  
Jessica Simpson reveals major weight loss on the red carpet  
Taylor Swift might want to consider growing a thicker skin  
Rolling Stone Magazine crosses over. What did you think of their first ever Spanish-Language content?  
Are you a "compulsive helper"?  
"Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star: "I whore myself out to anyone who will pay me"
  
Does Leonardo DiCaprio have eyes for a new girl?  
You tell us, is Olivier Sarkozy too old for Mary Kate Olsen?  
Lindsay Lohan won't have to answer any tough questions from Jay Leno -- obviously  
AMAZING! Vet runs from MN to TX planting flags for every fallen soldier in Afghanistan  
The best way to get revenge for a prank  
Microsoft Windows President is leaving the company  
Do you think Alicia Keys pulled off this sheer dress look? (PHOTOS)  
Connecticut foresaw two-storm problem, released new rules -- after #Sandy  
One college offers great incentives to sweeten students' deals  
Cat sends baby in bouncy seat into fit of giggles  
This dog doesn't want to play ball with you, ok?  
Exploring the unknown Caribbean  
DNA tests casts doubt that ref killed husband with coffee mug  
What can Muslims learn from #Diwali?  #MyLights 
Petraeus affair gets the Taiwanese animation treatment  
WATCH: It's 'The Hangover' in college  
Rod Blagojevich gets a new job in prison  
Happy Diwali! "Lead us from Untruth to Truth"  #MyLights #Diwali 
Red Cross fires back: #Sandy relief 'near flawless'  
Microsoft Surface sales "are starting modestly," says CEO Steve Ballmer  
One Direction's new album promises to be quite catchy #1d  
Teacher's Facebook post slams Obama win, foodstamps for kids  
Arizona Democrat wins congressional race, will become Congress' first openly bisexual member  
For these Hollywood couples, age is just a number  
Pippa Middleton's book is apparently a huge flop  
Did redistricting give Democrats an edge in this state?  
Huge change at 'Today' show  
First Hindu in Congress to take oath over the Bhagavad Gita  
Diwali 2012: The Festival of Lights is celebrated around the world  #Diwali #MyLights 
War memorial deemed "unconstitutional" rises again  #veteransday 
The last 'Twilight' soundtrack EVER  
“I’m the guy who has egg all over his face, but instead of egg, it’s a big Romney/Ryan tattoo. It’s there for life"  
How Evangelicals might have been blindsided on election night  
Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber before they were famous  
New Jersey to end gas rationing tomorrow  #Sandy 
We love it when animals give us attitude: 17 pets who are clearly not interested  
Rihanna is nearly naked on the cover of GQ  
What baby weight? Jessica Simpson looks unbelievable on the red carpet  
Dogs welcome home their soldiers  
Mom used baby as a 'shield' during theft standoff, cops say  
HuffPost photographer recounts harrowing night capturing #Sandy's wrath (PHOTOS)  
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson's best red carpet moments  
How Hurricane Sandy could affect your marriage  
Slick AG conveniently comes to soldiers' rescue on Veterans Day  
Bakery bans photography of awesomely bad cake designs  
The sexiest single men alive  
Gay men are going to start marrying your girlfriends  
Lana Del Rey explains shocking lyric  
9 almost impossible dreams you can never give up on  
Get to know Justin Bieber's rumored new model girlfriend  
Lana Del Rey's sixties-inspired makeup made simple  
Woman dies months after husband allegedly set her on fire  
Man accused of drowning his wife in 1993  
Escaped circus lion causes panic in Macedonia  
Anonymous remembers the 5th of November  
Rihanna strikes out at EMAs  
Five reasons why the Christian Right is warning of a "revolution"  
Porn exec: "This is the biggest threat that I've seen to the industry in a very, very long time"  
The fast growing age group for student debt  
20 cities pitching innovative plans at Bloomberg Ideas Camp in effort to win $5 million  
Hurricane Sandy challenges short-term thinking on nation's coasts  
Breakneck coastal development put thousands in Sandy's path  
One of Hollywood's most overused lines?  
Cat entertains baby in bouncy seat  
Matthew McConaughey's weight loss continues to shock in new photos  
How Facebook is making you poor  
Could there be a 'nutella tax?'  
Man allegedly set on FIRE during debt fight  
Is there a chance Democrats could pick up yet another Senate seat?  
Meteor shower peaks this week  
Watch Romney's Facebook fans abandon him in real time  
What Anne Hathaway had to do look "near death" for "Les Mis" role  
China accuses Dalai Lama of siding with Japanese right-wingers  
Ryan Gosling turns 32! Check out his best red carpet looks  
Turkish PM mulls restoring death sentence  
Jimmy Choo is selling a sparkly panda purse for $15,000  
Lindsay Lohan's new publicist ensures no one will ask actress the tough questions  
Controversial "Mojave Cross" veterans memorial begins new life  
St. Bernard is scared of stairs and it's great  
Supercut of movie characters smashing through glass  
At least 140 murdered in Brazil's largest city over the past two weeks  
WATCH: Cuban-American voters shift left  
Another major company pulls support for the Boys Scouts due to anti-gay policy  
Former Bush adviser has colorful warning for Republicans who talk about rape  
Porn industry vows to find a way around newly-passed condom law  
3 common beliefs that can thwart your health goals  
Boulder teen wears "Joker" mask to movie theater, causes movie-goers to flee in fear  
Family of slain Texas teen frustrated with police  
Trampoline dodgeball is awesome  
Bell ringing is a dangerous job  
100-year-old teacher dies after 77-year career  
Help us settle a national controversy: soda or pop?  
Happy 30th, Anne Hathaway! 14 reasons we love her  
WATCH: Was some of Sandy's wrath avoidable?  
Former 'SNL' cast member spoofs James Bond intros  
Helen Mirren inspired these 16 ladies got naked for a good cause  
I was the other woman  
The shocking things American schools are -- and aren't -- teaching  
10 moms you always see on Facebook  
Dating rumors make Taylor Swift cry  
10 things in a guy’s house women can’t stand  
How researchers are working to prevent SIDS  
The more you know, the less there is to like about voter ID  
What happened when one woman went fat-free for a month  
Hilary Duff steps out with adorable baby son  
Finally! Fart-absorbing underwear!  
That time Jennifer Lawrence received personalized M&M's  
Is there really a "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" sequel in the works?  
Residents in more than a dozen states petition White House to secede from U.S.  
Watch now to learn more about #JobRaising with reps from and  
11 ways to tell if your boss is a psychopath  
From radical atheist to complex believer -- Abraham Lincoln's 'Battle with God'  
This baby knows what's up #huffpostaww  
California city to allow free access to transgender health services  
Daniel Craig prefers Rihanna to Beyonce and finds Obama's win 'inspiring'  
Is Airbnb illegal?  
30 holiday gifts under $100 for every kid on your list (PHOTOS)  
Jan Brewer quickly backtracks on support for immigration reform  
Taylor Swift: I can't wear a dress twice  
What parents are tweeting about  
The busiest airports for Thanksgiving travel are...  
Is MSNBC about to make a big shakeup?  
More James Franco-Ashley Benson dating rumors emerge  
A manicure made for Thanksgiving  
Walmart workers gearing up to strike on Black Friday  
California woman behind controversial Obama Facebook post apologizes, receives threats  
Prince Charles in a SPEEDO?  
Kristen Stewart's "Twilight" co-star speaks out about her cheating scandal  
Billionaire banned from NYC sushi restaurant after epic tirade  
Alicia Keys steps out in sheer dress (PHOTOS)  
The homework assignment that's causing outrage online  
Watch tomorrow's total solar eclipse on HuffPost Science  
Did Justin Bieber send a harsh message Selena Gomez' way -- from stage?  
Why the Republicans risk losing an 'entire generation' of young voters to Democrats  
Indiana explosion puzzles officials and residents  
Did the #Lakers make the right choice?  
Kirstie Alley flaunts slim figure at book signing
  
Cameraman attacked during live broadcast (VIDEO)  
Fire triggers shutdown at nuclear plant  
How did Demi Moore ring in her 50th birthday?  
How did Demi Moore ring in her 50th birthday?  
Huh? Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez reunite at NYC hotel? What what is going on?  
Vet Hunters work to end veteran homelessness  
And the most expensive neighborhood in the country is...  
25 of the best diet tricks of all time  
Suri Cruise & mom Katie Holmes make identical funny faces  
"Action expresses priorities"  
5 reasons why volunteering is good for your health  
10 new things we've learned about prostate cancer so far this year #movember  
WATCH: What makes a gay solider different from a straight solider?  
America's best job market revealed  
Before and after the fight (PHOTOS)  
It's time to get serious about Thanksgiving's main event  
Will J.J. Abrams direct 'Star Wars: Episode VII'?  
Is anyone using Groupon anymore?  
Gingrich "dumbfounded" by Obama's "extraordinary victory"  
Is there a 'wrong way' to eat fruit?  
Lance Armstrong cuts ties to Livestrong  
The shocking things American schools are -- and aren't -- teaching  
Guess which celebrity couple is tying the knot soon?  
Man steals food delivery car, keeps making deliveries  
Famous exes reunite at their son's soccer game  
The voice of "Elmo" denies sexual relationship with 16-year-old  
Easy DIY home fragrance  
De-stressing secrets from around the world  
WATCH: Grover Norquist: Obama won because he called Romney a "poopy head"  
Anne Hathaway lost 25 pounds for her role in "Les Mis" on near-starvation diet  
New 'biobank' data reveal intriguing link between telomeres, death risk  
Oprah: "'Let's meditate' felt like an invitation for my mind to go whirly-dirly."  
Obama sings 'Born In The U.S.A.'  
Dozens of dogs rescued from "horrendous conditions"  
Could this be labor unions' saving grace?  
Will Obamacare hinder job growth?  
Grace Kelly would have been 83 today. In her honor, we've found 45 stunning photos of the late princess.  
Heidi Klum hosts the MTV Europe Music Awards in 8 jaw-dropping dresses  
Why we shouldn't talk about how the women now running New Hampshire are moms  
Just how bad is a white lie?  #TEDweekends 
The clock is ticking on a fiscal deal  
What to do with those potatoes after you mash them this Thanksgiving  
The top 12 Bond girl names to name your baby after  
"My intention is to put a crack in the urban skyline so when people.. look up, they see an open space of fresh air."  
This liquor will give you thick, shiny hair  
Is this what every woman's perfect day looks like?  
Meet Singles Day, China's answer to Valentine's Day  
Mick Jagger defends Rolling Stones high ticket prices  
Meth-addicted baby returned to mom  
What Keira Knightley isn't good at doing  
Anne Hathaway discusses her extreme weight loss with Vogue  
Lana Del Rey explains her 'my p---y tastes like Pepsi cola' lyric  
What caused the explosion in Indianapolis?  
Target to kick off Black Friday even earlier this year  
Release date announced for BlackBerry's make-or-break phones  
See all the red carpet looks from the MTV EMAs  
Justin Bieber speaks out about breakup with Selena Gomez  
There's no reason that your winter boots have to be ugly  
Toyota and other auto makers are bringing a whole new meaning to "Car talk"  
Ex-immigration chief gets sentenced for child porn  
'The Simpsons' mocks Karl Rove  
Global warming shown to affect satellites & space junk  
The best political jokes of election week  
Pistol-wielding robbers steal $2M from museum  
Taylor Swift & Justin Bieber clean up at EMAs  
Mitch McConnell loses big on Election Day--without even being on the ballot  
Why 'Les Miserables' left Anne Hathaway in a 'state of deprivation'  
Victoria's Secret pulls this controversial look from their fashion show's broadcast  
Burial practices & science: what does the future of death hold?  
Seven and a half things you need to know today, by  
Video captures abuse of autistic boy on school bus  
California woman fired after calling Obama N-word, hoping he's assassinated  
Do something fun this weekend? Send a picture to women@huffingtonpost.com!  
East Coast rape suspect Aaron Thomas: "I don't know why I couldn't just stop."  
How to recognize miracles in your life  
Things you didn't know your kids may never know  
Did Lakers make the right choice?  
Paul McCartney had quite the helicopter scare  
Despite scandal, Mark Thompson set to take the reins at The New York Times  
The biggest misconception about infidelity  
Syrian opposition groups reach unity deal  
Is this homework sexist?  
"We will likely learn that it isn't just sex that means different things to men and women, but also power."  
VOTE: Best athlete tweets of the week  
Jenny McCarthy reveals bizarre sexual experience  
6 memory problems that shouldn't worry you  
Major city pushes for 'meatless Mondays'  
Airlines are figuring out who is "too fat to fly"  
America's cheapest private island is on sale for...  
Adele has no interest in losing weight  
George Clooney's top-secret new role?  
Dads REALLY don't want to hear about their daughter's 'first time'  
PHOTOS: Jake Gyllenhaal's mystery gal  
Why this editor's motto is "drop your pants"  
Paul McCartney & wife narrowly avoid helicopter crash  
Female ex-cop wins $1 million after police officers gawk at her driver's license photo  
Kim Kardashian tries a plunging leather jumpsuit in London  
Justin Bieber is single  
The best job market in America is...  
What the legalization of marijuana could mean for the future of Colorado tourism  
WHAT is Lady Gaga wearing? There's just no excuse.  
California woman fired after calling Obama N-word, hoping he's assassinated  
Landmark sex trafficking initiative blocked by judge  
Chris Brown concert protested in Sweden with graphic posters  
Airlines are figuring out who is "too fat to fly"  
Awful: Video captures abuse of autistic boy on school bus  
Former NBA All-Star can still dunk at 56 years young  
Kristen Stewart goes too far  
Mandy Moore runs errands in style  
And the new Lakers coach is...?  
If you're type A, you may have a hard time with this life transition  
Victoria's Secret pulls this controversial look from their fashion show's broadcast  
Kurt Vonnegut invented a board game  
2012: The year of Nate Silver and the prediction geeks  
Paul McCartney & wife narrowly avoid helicopter crash  
5 ways to take action on #VeteransDay  
Federer brushes aside Murray in London  
Jeff Gordon incites NASCAR brawl (VIDEO)  
Guess what Sasha Obama whispered to her dad on stage after his speech  
Leading HuffPost: Deal With The Devil  
"Happy Days" star broke & living like a recluse to stay out of trouble  
Chris Brown concert protested in Sweden with graphic posters  
Dads REALLY don't want to hear about their daughter's 'first time'  
It seems like just about EVERYONE wants a job at these companies  
PHOTOS: Jake Gyllenhaal's mystery gal  
Victoria's Secret pulls this controversial look from their fashion show's broadcast  
New possible energy source may risk "unleashing the monster"  
What Mitt Romney could never overcome  
Justin Bieber speaks out about breakup with Selena Gomez  
Paul McCartney & wife narrowly avoid helicopter crash  
California archbishop releases horrifying homophobic rant  
Oh boy, even Google employees aren't using Google+  
Female ex-cop wins $1 million after police officers gawk at her driver's license photo  
Kim Kardashian tries a plunging leather jumpsuit in London  
Jenny McCarthy tried to have sex with a tree while high on ecstasy  
CEO who forced workers to attend Romney rally now promises layoffs  
Are the Dallas Mavericks dancers' new uniforms too skimpy?  
Former NBA All-Star can still dunk at 56 years young  
Kristen Stewart goes too far  
Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor visits 'Sesame Street'  
1 in 10 couples fight over this  
Check out your world today in pictures from The Huffington Post photo desk  
Kansas State takes over top spot in latest BCS rankings  
Jenny McCarthy reveals bizarre sexual experience  
Not everyone is so happy about Obama's re-election  
UPDATE: Victoria's Secret pulls this controversial look from their fashion show's broadcast  
3 ways to affair-proof your marriage  
If you're type A, you may have a hard time with this life transition  
10 signs it's time to break up  
"Happy Days" star broke & living like a recluse to stay out of trouble  
6 meds associated with memory loss  
Mary Kate Olsen cozies up to her 42-year-old boyfriend  
Who will legalize #marijuana next?  
Justin Bieber speaks out about breakup with Selena Gomez  
Female ex-cop wins $1 million after police officers gawk at her driver's license photo  
Are the Dallas Mavericks dancers' new uniforms too skimpy?  
Kristen Stewart goes too far  
Starbucks will 'pay' for gay marriage support, NOM pledges  
Happy Diwali! Interesting in sharing your Diwali reflections and photos? Email at religion[at] 
Diwali celebrations kick off in India today  
Deja vu for Hurricane Katrina survivors  
Why are Mormons so successful?  
"May the words that we speak always be free and free from falsehood, disrespect, violence."  
What can Muslims learn from Diwali, the festival of lights?  
Deadly Indianapolis explosion sparks huge fire, felt 3 miles away  
Judy Garland's "Wizard of Oz" dress sold for a whopping $480,000 at auction  
Anne Hathaway's Katie Holmes 'SNL' impression is priceless  
Paul McCartney & wife narrowly avoided a helicopter crash  
We have a feeling there's more to Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber's breakup than meets the eye  
Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor stops by "Sesame Street,"
tells girls that being a princess is NOT a career  
The top 9 YouTube videos of the week  
.@evanselinger on what it's like to watch a funeral online  
Being friended by yourself on Facebook? Yes, it can happen.  
How an app (yes, an app) may have cost Romney the election  
Facebook game helps woman get life-saving kidney donation  
Do something fun this weekend? Send a picture to women@huffingtonpost.com!  
Former Delfonics singer dies at 65  
Here's how you really get over a breakup  #realtalk 
This couple lives in a home that’s only 120-square-feet and love it  
Why powerful men may cheat more than powerful women  
The most expensive neighborhoods in America revealed  
You won't believe what this German Shepherd did for a lost little boy  
Brittany Murphy would have been 35 today  
The REAL reason politicians lie  #TEDweekends 
PHOTOS: Jake Gyllenhaal's mystery gal  
Dad posts unusual punishment inquiry on Craigslist  
A truly genius idea for a blog  
Meth-addicted baby returned to mom  
How the youth vote prevented Mitt Romney from becoming president  
10 signs it's time to break up  
10 signs it's time to break up  
UPDATE: Victoria's Secret pulls this controversial look from their fashion show's broadcast  
PHOTOS: These tentacled snakes took zookeepers by surprise  
Mary Kate Olsen cozies up to her 42-year-old boyfriend  
The world's eeriest abandoned places  
12 ways to land cheap airfare  
'SNL' Obama celebrates his reelection with some jabs at Romney  
1 in 10 couples fight over this  
Your 5 biggest workout mistakes  
Ladies to skydive in lingerie  
Parents publish suicide note of son who killed himself after being bullied  
Husband of David Petraeus' alleged mistress rumored to have written a letter to NYT about the affair  
3 ways to affair-proof your marriage  
If you're type A, you may have a hard time with this life transition  
6 memory problems that shouldn't worry you  
Kristen Stewart goes too far  
Former NBA All-Star can still dunk at 56 years young  
Oprah on developing a spiritual muscle  
Thinking about selling your gold? Read this first  
FEMA's rape reference sparks criticism  
Paul Krugman: Deficit hawks "squirming" over fiscal cliff  
What the legalization of marijuana could mean for the future of Colorado tourism  
WHAT is Lady Gaga wearing? There's just no excuse.  
Teen receives 'miracle' liver donation hours after family makes public plea  
15 ways women are tougher, luckier, smarter than men  
Norway killer complains of prison conditions  
California woman fired after calling Obama N-word, hoping he's assassinated  
Are the Dallas Mavericks dancers' new uniforms too skimpy?  
CEO who forced workers to attend Romney rally now promises layoffs  
Earthquake rattles Guatemala's coast  
Jenny McCarthy tried to have sex with a tree while high on ecstasy  
Woman won't be charged for fetus in freezer  
The best job market in America is...  
Former "Happy Days" star reportedly homeless, broke, & living like a recluse in hotel room  
Guess what Sasha Obama whispered to her dad on stage after his speech  
You'll never guess how Facebook helped this woman get a life-saving organ donation  
Justin Bieber is single  
Subway is offering subs for less than a penny?  
Greek lawmakers approve 2013 austerity budget  
Kim Kardashian tries a plunging leather jumpsuit in London  
Female ex-cop wins $1 million after police officers gawk at her driver's license photo  
How Mitt Romney's failed app cost him thousands of votes  
Kat Von D and Deadmau5 call it quits ... but why?  
Oh boy, even Google employees aren't using Google+  
California archbishop releases horrifying homophobic rant  
PHOTOS: Jake Gyllenhaal's mystery gal  
Mandy Moore runs errands in style  
5 ways to take action on #VeteransDay  
Paul McCartney & wife narrowly avoid helicopter crash  
2012: The year of Nate Silver and the prediction geeks  
Justin Bieber speaks out about breakup with Selena Gomez  
What Mitt Romney could never overcome  
New possible energy source may risk "unleashing the monster"  
Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor wants young girls to know that being a princess is definitely NOT a career  
Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor wants young girls to know that being a princess definitely NOT a career  
Report: Jesse Jackson Jr. plea deal could include jail time  
Anne Hathaway brings her Katie Holmes impression back to 'SNL'  
10 companies that are hiring veterans  
Confused about the fiscal cliff? Here's your primer  
#Saints end #Falcons' undefeated season  
Watch the red-band trailer for Kevin Bacon's new serial killer drama  
Obama adviser: on taxes, this election "wasn't close"  
Now in How U.S. immigration policy drives talented entrepreneurs overseas  
China blames the media for its piracy problems  
How much did Judy Garland's "Wizard of Oz" dress fetch at auction?  
Is this beetle's member the most terrifying ever?  
Just how 'identical' are identical twins anyway?  
WATCH: Obama's moving Veterans Day tribute  
T-Boz slams Nicki Minaj's 'Idol' credibility  
Who will legalize #marijuana next?  
Does comprehensive immigration reform effort finally have a chance? 
Mystery space plane may be part of U.S.-China competition  
Latinos aren't really lost Republicans after all, election shows 
A war hero told his story 65 years after D-Day #VeteransDay  
A look back at Demi Moore's eventful year leading up to her 50th birthday  
30 gifts that will keep your kids happy and your wallet happier!  
Woman who received threatening emails from Petraeus' mistress revealed  
Colo. Reps seek state exemption from federal weed laws  
How to regret-proof your life in 6 steps  
Dem gov is behind putting marijuana laws in states' hands  
Jet slides off taxiway at DIA amid snowfall, freezing temps  
Mary Kate Olsen cozies up to her 42-year-old boyfriend  
Tens of thousands still powerless after hurricane  
Pittsburg teen receives "miracle" liver donation  
Challenges remain for homeless veterans despite progress  
Paula Broadwell sent emails to State Department official: report  
Bill Kristol admits "it won't kill the country" to raise millionaires' taxes  
Post-Election America in need of healing, many say. Do you agree?  
Romney adviser vows Latinos "were scared" of the GOP  
What dreams haunt Iraqis?  
My dad, Kurt Vonnegut  
Apple agrees to NOT sue this other smartphone maker  
Watch Anne Hathaway's epic 'Les Miserables' SNL monologue  
Two veteran senators drive efforts for immigration reform  
The world's eeriest abandoned places  
12 ways to land cheap airfare  
Incredible portraits of war, in honor of Veterans Day  
Mother names twin newborns Barack Obama and Mitt Romney...  
Survey shows great news for Airbnb  
'SNL' Obama celebrates his reelection with some jabs at Romney  
Top Dem senator: David Petraeus news was "like a lightning bolt"  
"We will likely learn that it isn't just sex that means different things to men and women, but also power."  
6 meds associated with memory loss  
1 in 10 couples fight over this  
Your 5 biggest workout mistakes  
Will this law make moms feel like failures?  
Did the husband of David Petraeus' alleged mistress write to the New York Times about the affair months ago?  
"Happy Days" star broke & living like a recluse to stay out of trouble  
The best late night clips of the week  
How Mitt Romney's broken ORCA app cost him thousands of votes  
Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor wants girls to know that being a princess definitely not a career  
10 NFL players that deliver the most bang for the buck  
How to avoid a very sticky situation  
Kate Middleton attends a Remembrance Day ceremony in London  
Lunchtime UFOs baffle aviation expert  
Priest bites fellow priest's ear off  
10 signs it's time to break up  
On this Veterans Day, there are signs of progress  
Great moments in book design history  
This week in Always blaming the parents...  
Only one of these preventative tests may be necessary in a lifetime, new study finds  
San Jose, CA is the most 'zen' city in America - what are the 49 most Buddhist cities after it?  
Ladies to skydive in lingerie  
PHOTOS: These tentacled snakes took zookeepers by surprise  
Meth-addicted baby returned to mom  
Is Oregon the next gay marriage battleground state?  
How the youth vote prevented Mitt Romney from becoming president  
Easy ways to de-stress at home  
3 ways to affair-proof your marriage  
'The books I read in Vietnam'  
The 2 exercises every woman should be doing  
How to make peace with the past  
How single women can thrive in retirement  
Lights back on for many Sandy-hit residents, thousands still powerless  
Mitt Romney drowns his post-election sorrows in milk on 'SNL'  
If you're type A, you may have a hard time with this life transition  
Joaquin Phoenix: 'It's not like I f---ing hate the Oscars'  
Kurt Vonnegut invented a board game  
UPDATE: Victoria's Secret pulls this controversial look from their fashion show's broadcast  
Inside YouTube’s dynamic California office  
Have Pandora and Spotify really changed the way we listen to music?  
Here's how Democrats helped secure big victories in one battleground state  
Dems, GOP gear up for filibuster showdown  
High-ranking government officials hacked at Internet security conference  
What does Obama's reelection mean for Social Security and Medicare?  
6 memory problems that shouldn't worry you  
Jenny McCarthy reveals bizarre sexual experience  
Afghan soldier reportedly kills NATO member  
Happy 50th birthday, Demi Moore!  
Mandy Moore runs errands in style  
VOTE: Best athlete tweets of the week  
Rihanna rocks the Victoria's Secret fashion show 
Kristen Stewart goes too far  
A really unusual way to clean your cell phone  
Happy birthday, Demi Moore!  
Former NBA All-Star can still dunk at 56 years young  
Major city pushes for 'meatless Mondays'  
Why this editor's motto is "drop your pants"  
Awful: Video captures abuse of autistic boy on school bus  
Man sues police for $5 million, claims torture  
PHOTOS: Jake Gyllenhaal's mystery gal  
New York's queen of comedy opens up  
Victims reveal harrowing details in trial of American soldier accused of murdering Afghan civilians  
"We will likely learn that it isn't just sex that means different things to men and women, but also power."  
Strong earthquake rocks Myanmar; at least 12 feared dead  
Take a look back at Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez's couple style  
Israel fires "warning shots" into Syria  
It seems like just about EVERYONE wants a job at these companies  
Is this homework sexist?  
Afghan victims testify against U.S. soldier accused of massacre  
This week in unnecessary censorship  
Guess what Sasha Obama whispered to her dad on stage after his speech  
Even or odd? Gas rationing adds new post-Sandy challenge  
Best celebrity news of the week  
Maher: 'White people vote for white people like it's going out of style'  
India wages hi-tech war on ancient TB scourge  
Vikram Pandit, ousted Citigroup CEO, gets $15.5 million payout  
Canoes, dentist's chairs and other stuff the government is trying to sell back to you  
29 funny fortune cookies  
'Skyfall' is on its way to becoming the biggest Bond ever  
FIRST PHOTO: Jessica Biel surfaces in NYC following honeymoon  
The most outrageous world leader quotes  
Dads REALLY don't want to hear about their daughter's 'first time'  
Can Wikipedia be used to predict the future?  
The incredibly generous way one boy celebrated his bar mitzvah  
Airlines are figuring out who is "too fat to fly"  
Halle Berry's custody case with Gabriel Aubry reaches a decision  
Today is a global day of action for Malala and girls' education #IAmMalala  
Gwyneth Paltrow unveils her latest ad campaign  
Adele has no interest in losing weight  
Last man convicted in brutal schoolyard shooting  
Exiled leader says Tibetans have 'sacred duty' to support self-immolations  
Chris Brown concert protested in Sweden with graphic posters  
The week's 9 most popular viral videos  
Relax this morning with a new issue of magazine  
"Happy Days" star broke & living like a recluse to stay out of trouble  
Guess what Sasha Obama whispered to her dad on stage after his speech  
George Clooney's top-secret new role?  
Landmark sex trafficking initiative blocked by judge  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
Why do powerful men seem to cheat more than powerful women?  
