aw thank you 
Girls night in my room...  
Love!!!! “@MrRossCassidy: Get ready for the sale. SO much stunning stuff!  
You're a beautiful dancer “@kellymonaco1: and I need your votes more then ever. Thank you so very much for all the support. #dwts 
aw Harriet looks like a person:) 
My buddy Leo hanging with me while I catch up on emails..  
amazing!!! You were fantastic! 
I love your pics of your dogs:) 
Reading a script 4 a show I'm doing, curious how they're bringing my character back. Heard my wardrobe might consist of lingerie.. hmm.. 
so much fun working with Kirstie!!!! 
thank you:) 
Hope everyone had a great weekend...can't believe Thanksgiving is Thursday! 
yup:) 
thank u:) 
thank u:) 
everyday at 8am you'll get an email of new goodies!! 
you did a brilliant job my friend:) 
I'm obsessed!! Still many gorgeous items on my One kings Lane sale ...Amazing cushions , candles..One kings lane .Com” 
thank you... 
Enjoying last couple days home after being gone a month.. 
Home Sweet Home... 
yes!! I was 5 months pregnant with our first daughter ... 
feels like that for me 
Last day!! Loved working w/@ATjogia #Socio  
Last day of filming our pilot!hoping it gets picked up, I love working with everyone. 
thank u:) 
shooting a pilot in ny 
aw thank you:) 
Robbie!!! Thank you thank u for all your help I so appreciate it! You're the best!!!! 
Day off tomorrow. Heading to an animal shelter, to help out. Over 600 rescued from the hurricane. My girls are coming to help too. 
my brave beautiful friend, sending you thoughts and prayers..xo 
yes it is:) 
Shooting in a snow storm  
In Harrison, NY filming here“@Markmml: On which golf course did you take the picture of the snow?” 
Here comes the snow!  
Staying warm on set sweats under my skirt & heavy coat..  
I can't even imagine...I am so sorry for the devastation.. 
It's so cold outside...thinking of those without any heat & everyone that lost their homes. Another storm coming today... 
Good morning...at work, my girls were sound asleep when I left... 
thank you... 
Great shot!!!“@dab116: Here's a pic of the ESB I took tonight.  
perfect!! 
1st time being in NY for the election & the Empire State Building looks so gorgeous lit up..I'm grateful the girls get to experience this 
AMAZING!!!!!! Need to send you a pic. everyone loves it! 
aw thank u:) 
Need to go to bed..early call time tomorrow gotta get up at 4am..can't turn the tv off. 
Someone got a new hairdo  
thanks babe:) 
thank you:) 
how do you know what I do to help other people? U don't know me & it's easy to send comments like that behind your computer 
thank you so much 
thank you.. 
if you read my tweets I have posted many about those affected 
yup many posts about those affected in the area if you read my tweets.. 
the kids & I found the best dog groomer in nyc.....we got our little guy washed & fluffed, best accessories too...thank you! 
great day with the kids..I think they want to move here:) 
nothing like that first snowfall! 
thank you...the grapefruit dessert is the best ever!!! Loved the food..so yummy 
Back on set today..girls spent the day at the children's museum & loved it. Hoping to wrap in time to tuck them into bed! 
xoxo 
you could've bunked with us:) 
are you kidding? Of course I care. Read all of my tweets. With that said I have 3 children & I enjoyed my day with them 
Hurricane Sandy relief benefit concert on tonight – 8pm ET. Help raise money for #SandyHelp 
So happy my girls are with me in ny..our production has been down for a week..enjoying the city. back to work tomorrow! 
thank you:) 
We met for coffee while here in NY love her!!! NEW: Interview With 
Thank u for your kind messages tonight..have a happy & safe Halloween. Goodnight💋 
neighbor so great doing the show with you!!! 
:)))) 
thanks Min...r u here in ny? 
no:( not here in the city..I heard they're postponing it till the weekend.. 
Rush before the show, getting a mic, hair & make up touch up&my older girls Eloise was sleeping..  
I would be disappointed if it didn't:) 
Aw!! Love me some Andy..breakfast, lunch, dinner? I'm here for a bit@BravoAndy: Love me some Denise Richards  
Kids are piled in the car with me off to #WWHL I told them they can't watch the show incase it's not rated G 
Can't wait to read it I think my book is released on Nov. 6th.. the cover turned out so beautiful..the insides are juicy..;)” 
thank u:) 
hmm don't either one of you 
Rushing to get ready to fill in for a guest at #WWHL can't wait to see 
Our daughters are such amazing girls, concerned for others & the animals than us missing Halloween #Sandy 
lovely meeting you & chatting!!!! 
tomorrow night slumber party part 2 
I'm shooting a tv pilot here for 3 weeks 
Joanna is an incredible woman with a big heart Does so much for others &huge animal activist She's an amazing friend 
nah we just like working together & can take the piss out of the situation.. 
I need a tan:) 
love you too...amazing girl talk..finally we are in the same city. Something good came out of the airports closed...xo 
I just heard I'm sorry! I heard your dance was breathtaking..I missed last night on the east coast, it didn't air.... 
Still not working tomorrow production is down...my kids are asleep having girl talk w/ so happy to have my friend here too 
in NY hanging in our hotel Slumber party w the girls!!!!  
love & prayers to those devastated by the hurricane... please help by texting REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 to disaster relief #Sandy 
thank u:) 
glad you liked it!! is a comic genius 
Sending love to u girls!@lisarinna: Sending love to my LA girls and who are holed up in their nyc hotels!” 
we'll be watching...our production is down & we are holed up in our hotel ..and we'll vote too. Can't wait to see your dance! 
I'm filming here..@By664: why r u there and not in la?” 
not at all!! Thank you for your concern!!! 
I've never seen the city this empty  
I shoot on wed...we'll be okay thank you 
NYC looks very eerie...restaurants are closed & stores closed early..very desolate outside..our production shut down early today.. 
Breakfast fun with my girls! Before our trip to NY. Painting pumpkins in time for Halloween  
So happy my girls are here!!! 
aw thank you 
I was talking about the guys dancing in the side of the street. I agree the horses need to be off the streets 
thank you! 
I can't wait...another week I'll be here. miss u..xo 
yes they need to get them off the streets 
I agree...@K9koach: the #horses&carriages are #heartbreaking thou😞🐴🏇 #respectanimals” 
agree 
This is why I love NY..so much life & energy  
u betcha!!! 
Good morning...early call time heading to set. Still dark out! 
I'm already here! 
I just heard there's a hurricane hitting NY starting sun into next week?!? 
Christmas Jones had a tattoo on her belly..everyday in the make up chair a fresh one was put on! 
happy belated birthday pretty girl!!! 
In make up trailer..getting my tattoo covered..  
how are you doing pretty girl?? 
Good morning...having coffee & off to my 1st of shooting..anxious to get started been here almost 2 weeks. 
thank you so much and for sharing that..I'm sorry you went thru a difficult time..it gets better!! 
I love that everyone walks in ny..such a treat to walk back from dinner....off to bed start shooting #socio tomorrow! Night💤💤 
thank you! So great seeing you... 
aw! I hope you had a great day!!! 
you're welcome....night! 
I read it and thank you very much! 
or if by phone might be an envelope icon and click that 
on your twitter page on your computer click the icon next to compose your tweet. And hit direct messages. 
yup! That is right....if only it would rain in sequins & crystals 
I sent u a direct message 
thanks for sharing. I will send u good thoughts & send a pic to you. sweet dreams goodnight.. 
you're such a girly girl!!!!!! one of these mondays:) 
thank u very much...what kind of cancer do you have? I'm so sorry to hear.. 
Ok this #Gangnam routine was best ever! & gorgeous & Gilles do u ever have a bad performance?!?? 
yes & yes 
Oh dear too many friends on the show! Ok split the votes gotta include sexy &  
you know what? Yes you can...I've seen your tweets asking me:) dm me an addy.. 
you're welcome Mr. C..... 
you are so fun to watch and such a great dancer...I love watching you...congrats..soak your toes & get some sleep:) 
was in Toronto today & just got back to NY:) 
would love too! 
Catching up on #dwts episodes how HOT are & ...wow...sexxy.... 
miss you like craaaaazy!!!!!!!!!!!! home in a couple weeks I wanna see you dance! 
Rebecca Ann Leeman #DropDeadGorgeous can't forget miss dancing queen...vote for her & too 1-800-868-3412 #DWTS 
Vote for my dear friend & 800-868-3403 #vote #DWTS they're dance was awesome!!! 
yup! 
omg so cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yummy snack my friend & I discovered! breadcrumbs swirled in chocolate!  
Watch this profound movie!! I love it!! #LEAVE beyond amazing!!!
@frankjhughes 
  #thefilmLEAVE” 
thank you!! 
thank u! 
Arrived back in NY...packed 2 days in canada.... 
Getting ready for 2nd appearance on The Shopping Channel..almost sold out! #VolumeExtend 
of course! thank u:) 
If u love #indiefilms support my friend his movie #LEAVE  
Is avail OCT 23 itunes! 
#Amazing!!!! 
it's not run by me I do charity work with them 
thank you!! 
& I doing satellite interviews..glad my girl is here!  
Backstage at going live in 10min! #VolumeExtend  
happy birthday!!!🎉🎈🎉🎈 
I've never seen this on a menu before..  
can't wait to see your dance tomorrow!!!! 
Made it to Toronto and its chilly 
thx! YSL!!! 
Putting together outfits for appearances in Toronto love my new blue shoes!!  
thank u..hope u did as well 
Great day of rehearsals I love our director Jon Amiel we are so lucky to have him. A little dindin with the cast & off to bed! 
isn't it!!! let me know when you're free mama miss u:) 
gorgeous day.....rehearsal today, off to Toronto tomorrow for a couple days. 
thank you!! great shoe dept there!!!!! 
thank you so much:) 
happy birthday!!!!!!!! 
Rainy day in NY...doing more camera tests with different looks for our characters... 
there was actually something quite endearing about your eff up.. 
thank you but its actually red!! I do have hot pink in my office..... 
I'm sorry I know too well how painful it is.... 
I will pray for your cousin..I'm so sorry.. 
Good morning...gorgeous day in ny  
thank u:) 
I heard!! I wasn't there to enjoy it:( 
this is funny!!!!@TeddyHilton: A Dog With Human Hands Goes Through A Normal Human Day!  
finished fittings for the show..hair and make up tests tomorrow. i'll post pics! 
sweet potatoes baked..& yummy steamed veggies:) 
thank you so much!!! 
I miss you...sending u love....xo 
Delish....I eat small meals all day long. One of my faves!  
Delish....I eat small meals all day long. One of my faves!  
tv pilot if it gets picked up it will be a tv series:) 
don't be bummed!!!!! 
2am wide awake.... Need to go to sleep 
💋💋💋💋 
honeeeeyyyyy!!!!!! 
My flight out here got into watching episodes Here Comes honey boo boo ...not what I expected.... kinda like their family.... 
Busy morning here ...finished our table reading met the cast...gonna be fun. 
maybe if you and your fiance could stay in la for more than a week !!!!!!!!!! 
I'm in NY...you? 
Arrived in one of my favorite places....New York!! Love it here. 
I missed you there!!! 
thank u:) 
Heading out of town soon to start preproduction on the pilot I'm doing ..so grateful & excited..#Socio 
happy birthday!!! 
Packing my suitcase in between Eloise's nap..big girls at a bday party...need to get it done! 
ill be there in a couple days!! 
Thank u for your kind messages I'm excited about this! (@DENISE_RICHARDS) Joins ABC Family Drama Pilot 'Socio'  
thank you:) was so good on Xfactor.... 
thank u:) 
thank you so excited!! 
Happy Friday!!! Feels like fall today in la... 
is that your work? Amazing!!! 
Made a dog bed under our pizza oven instead of a place for firewood..  
I'm on #Kickin'It tonight on Disney!  
Brought the kids to work today...filming for my hair care line #VolumeExtend 
love u too..night! 
Goodnight....  
happy birthday!!!! 
thank u:) 
8:) 
back of the limo shoes are off..pins out of my hair..great night!  
Chaos in the kitchen trying to get out the door in time!  
Halfway done ....with my besties &  
Full day with the kids ...time to get ready for the dog hero awards fun event tonight the gorgeous Kristen Chenoweth is hosting.. 
this makes me so sad...I'm very sorry 
Heartbreaking@RubyOwen5 pls cud u RT 4 5 yr old Ruby, who's sadly losing her fight to brain cancer #PrayforRuby xx  
thank u:) 
thx girly 
Thank you UK for the positive feedback on my episode of #AngerManagement 
Another beautiful arrangement by in my bedroom  
xoxo 
Love my Pilates trainer lisa Gordon..best ever...addicted to our workouts... 
thank you for sharing that...glad you like them! 
Love sharing the positivity - employees sing songs addressing wireless customers complaints  #spon 
crap I didn't know:( 
sent this to me..swim lessons for his friend's frenchie!  
having another heatwave in la......love this summer weather!!!! took the kids to a school function this am...hanging with eloise.. 
aw thank u 
ah! Thank u 
you too!!! Gonna miss u! So is my hair:) 
congrats Nick & Cat!!!!! 
Last day on the set of #90210:( loved working on the show..everyone is a class act... 
thank u!! 
no boobie showing 
Home from work..kids asleep. Leo was waiting up for me...  
you too gorgeous girl!!! 
Sami won her first soccer game of the season!! I'm at work & missed it..grampa was supporting her:) #proudmama 
iPhone & posting with Instagram:) 
Love my fancy hairdo for #90210  
in my house:) 
Gorgeous floating orchid..in my bar..lovely touch by  
thanks babe:) 
Happy Birthday to !!!! Love you schweetbabe!!!!!! 
not sure where u read it 
my dad...grampa 
Morning! Our house this am...  
Just watched on #xfactor beautiful voice you looked gorgeous..congrats!! must be a proud mama:) 
coming along beautifully....ill keep u updated:) 
hmmm.."c" as in charlie? 
Well I was being a bit sarcastic...I'm not playing a grandma on 90210:) 
thank u:) 
well thank u...I was being sarcastic I'm not playing a granny:) 
Yes I play the great great grandma smarty pants...@Ken__Champion: do you play the great great grandma on90210 #urold” 
loved your dance! U looked gorg...xo 
In hair & make up for #90210 early call today...was gone before kids were up! 
we need another project:) 
thanks babe:) 
yes!! 
thank u:) 
thank u! Lovely meeting all of u:) 
congrats!!!!! I'm so happy for you!! 
gorgeous cast ever #90210 
happy birthday!!🎉🎈🎉🎈 
you are funny! Goodnight my dear:) 
thanks baby 
Finished work...heading home to the kids. Can't wait to watch #DWTSallstars lots of friends on the show! 
Thx!!@_Hippie_Chic_: Loving the #girlyglam interiors by & for in Magazine!  
:) xoxo 
Ready to head to set!  
Whole house has been sick....sore throats & fevers..downing vitamin c gotta be on set of #90210 
Love the gorgeous flowers does for our home  
Our view right now....  
thank u:) 
already?? eloise has her first cold...calling office in a couple hrs! 
tune in tonight & watch my gorgeous friend on #RHOM !!! 
Girl in curls...as I wait to go on set..  
Had to share this pic of Sami terrified watching her but proud!  
yes! The 100th episode:) 
thank u 
thx babe:) 
wow that's incredible..would love to hear your story 
thank you!! 
wow that made my day thank u 
needing to see u! 
I'm sorry about your dad 
that is fab!! 
min!!!! Miss u....need girl talk! 
love u too..xo 
aw thank you 
thanks babe:) 
I dont know why but I'm obsessed with buying vintage ashtrays....I don't even smoke... 
yup:) 
thank you!!!“@fawcettfanpam: Love the photos of your remodeled home in the OCT. issue of InStyle! Looks fantastic! :0” 
bonnie!!! Wow been so long!!! Miss u:) 
It's a wrap! #50thAnniversaryofBond  
thank u pretty mama:) 
Love how does my eyes  
At my shoot w/my friends & glam squad  
late night phone call just as I was dozing off...can't sleep..gonna watch on #NextChapter 
from carrying my kids around! 
aw thank u:) 
a lime green dragon fly kept buzzing around me today:)
#Live4Tay 
My Li'l Eloise loves this mini pony at the barn my girls ride at...  
Speed racer...gotta love the pink slippers!  
thank u:) 
wow thank you!!!! 
I really shouldn't be doing this...  
Happy it's Friday what are your weekend plans??? 
yes! Best ever 
love you too! 
happy birthday!! 
At the studio getting ready  
Good morning...on my way to the set of talking hair, health, kids #VolumeExtend 
I know:( 
brad thank you for your bravery ...get home safe! 
thank you 
pilates 
thank u:) 
Early call time tomorrow..getting kids lunches prepped tonight..finishing up homework..then off to bed:) 
Morning..having my coffee before school drop off begins...missing summer days already... 
thanks so much..we need to catch up...xo 
Just got my script for #90210 love my character!!! 
..sending love and prayers to all the victims families & loved ones...their bravery will never be forgotten.. #NeverForget911 
thanks baby 
Tropical weather we're having in la....love it🌴 
just sent u a dm 
happy birthday 
congrats!!!!!!!“@PerezHilton: Got a new poster up at the featuring me! Radness!!!!  
thank you so much 
ended my night with a decadent massage....sweet dreams..goodnight:) 
aw thank you!!! 
Sending thoughts and prayers to and Maria, & JD during this difficult day... 
#Live4Tay 
Thinking of getting Eloise a helmet while she's transitioning from crawling to walking 
happy birthday!!!!!!!!! 
Well said:) “@KimKardashian: 👄  
sky!!! ...thank you so much for your message beautiful girl...thinking of u....xoxo 
congrats my friend...I'm just getting caught up today:) 
off to bed.....sweet dreams:) 
thanks baby 
thank you so much 
Fun shoot coming up for the 50th anniversary of #Bond films... #bondgirls 
thinking of you...xo 
yesterday I brought my cordless phone in my purse:) 
I'm heartbroken ...My heart goes out to her mom & family. Thank u for sharing.. 
earned her wings today..16yrs young..Please send thoughts & prayers to her mom Maria, sister Sky, her dad JD.. #pray4tay 
Please pray for she is fighting for her life.... #pray4tay 
Summer is over...back to school tomorrow...kids enjoyed every last minute of it today.. #Malibu #beachday 
2am....gotta get up in 4 hrs ....
#stayedupwaytoolate 
Happy Labor day!!!!!! 
I don't get alimony smarty pants 
Beautiful Blue Moon!!!!! 
Congrats on your new baby boy!!! 
I'm coming to watch the show u are the couple to beat!! & of course my 
I'm a mom..u? 
aw thank you...we had the best time hope you did too! 
Congrats on your baby boy! so happy for u..can't wait to meet him.. 
Loved seeing u at Disneyland of all places:) hope u had a great day!Can't wait to see u guys on #dwts #HotCouple 
Amazing day with the kids at great way to end their summer! 
thank you so much!! 
Love this #Rihminder...@rihanna: #Rihminder  
congrats & on a huge 90 episodes pick up!!!
#AngerManagement 
My snack while catching up on emails...chex cereal & pink mm's..  
miss u mama 
I hope u win... 
I see your tweet babe:) 
Our girls love their brothers...Sami, Lola& bob  
hey baby 
love that our girls pediatrician is so involved with  would love to be part of his next trip.. 
can't wait to see u dance baby!!!!!!!!!!! 
thanks baby....xo 
Thanks & for our pizza night!!! 
End of an amazing weekend...gonna be a good week!! Hope you all had a great weekend!! 
thank u:) 
why is it strange? We have kids together...& we support each other. All good:) 
why is it strange? We have kids together...& we support each other. All good:) 
“@CW69tv: is headed to #9O21O:  Could be alot of #MeanGirl fun in store in our favorite zip code!” 
yes! Very challenging workout!! Miss u mama...xo 
yup:) 
Last day of camp for our girls ...one more week till school:( 
how r u mama?? 
Watch #AngerManagement season finale on FX!!!! 
Love the flowers does for our home..these are in my bedroom  
thx mama!!! 
gorgeous dog! So cute thanks for sharing 
Waiting patiently hoping Eloise will drop some of her food...  
Love how my girl does my eyes...  
honestly not my place to judge. I applaud her honesty.. 
Watched with on #NextChapter ....loved her interview. So honest, raw, moving, & engaging...love her!!! 
Enjoying the night after a busy few days....hope you had a great day!  
Getting the end of summer blues 😰....went by so fast... #wishsummerwaslonger 
ha! It's the ex-husband with alot of exes:) 
Having a party 2day..ex-wife #2(me) is having ex-wife #3(brooke) bday party at my house..oh & our ex-husband will be here.how's your Sunday? 
Happy birthday Johnny!!!! miss u..I'll see your show soon...xo 
thank you...well usually kids are around...and gotta keep the cheeks covered... 
Oh and this...I know I know. Girls talked grampa into frozen mini pancakes..breakfast of champions:)  
Nothing like starting my Sunday out with an intense workout..... 
how are you?? 
gotta give a shout out for the family:) ....gonna be a great weekend for you congrats!! 
I loved 's The Odd Life of Timothy Green go see it!! So touching & heartwarming... 
Boo!!!!!!! 
yup I do...DM me I'll give u my pw 
no I just started using...I'm probably doing something wrong") 
thank you...I don't like the name:(( 
no charlie has twin boys 
I love this pic of our daughter Sami with her brother  
Done for the day....I am so excited to go to bed. goodnight💤💤💤 hope u all had a great day 
so happy to sneak in a mani/pedi in before picking the girls up from camp... 
and tired:) thx Nat. We were talking about u yesterday. 
are u going thru chemo? 
Sleepover last night. I have 3 girls:) you have 6 girls? wow!!!!” 
jetty is an old soul... Beautiful lab 
you know what I'm talking about! Always juggling everything:) r u back in la? & I wanna c u 
Got 5 girls off 2 daycamp, getting Eloise fed, fit in pilates while she naps, read a script, her doc checkup, pick up kids from camp, etc 
thank u:) 
perhaps cuz my kids have friends sleeping over. I have 6 kids here & my baby Eloise! That I'm thinking is why:) 
happy birthday!!! 
Ciao Bella blood orange popsicles! 
thank u! 
wow! No pressure!! Lol! You look amazing! Miss u 
Well crap just gonna have coffee & start all over tonight. 
mama!!!! 
I love your dog. He looks like a kid sitting next to you 
..been up since 3...  
Morning..2 Li'l ones slept in the guest room  
Now I'm hungry ... 
Can't sleep... #insomnia 
Just got my girls sets of nail polish...created by girls battling cancer. 
 Colors of Hope
#pray4tay 
4 a good cause  colors of hope  
Need to get to sleep....5:30am alarm goes off💤 
yes it is:) thank u 
Her big sister did a little face paint!  
Good morning...happy Sunday 
Sitting around a fire pit...friend playing the guitar for us..great sat night with friends. #lovesummernights 
thank u so much 
you look beautiful & have a gorgeous heart 
luv u too!! 
you're gorgeous!!!!! 
you're very sweet thank you 
Im so excited to finally tell you guys about THE BA! Its an amazing product that Eloise & I love! Check it out at  
“cant wait to see your pics!!@MindyWeiss: Big wedding weekend...trying some new things will definitely be tweeting :) xox” 
wow thank you!! 
aw thank u!! 
thank you!! 
So excited!!!! Love her!!@BravoAndy: BREAKING: Tonight Meryl Streep plays PLEAD THE FIFTH on #wwhl (I know it's not news but I'm excited)” 
Girls at day camp...eloise down for a nap, getting ready to do an intense Pilates workout...love my trainer Lisa best booty ever! 
oh he's a hoot alright:) 
family night BBQ  
Order up! He truly makes the best BBQ sauce ever:)  
It's a scorcher 🔥outside 110! 
Love this pic of my dad..  :) #CaptionThis 
Good morning! Aunt gave her a big smooch  
yup! 
yes we do!!.. 
just felt the earth move.....#earthquake 
thank you!!! 
great seeing u my gorgeous friend!!!....xo 
My girls & I are going to be sad when the #Olympics end...I love watching with them... 
109 degrees and my new A/C is not working😡 grateful we have the pool... 
congrats my friend!!!“@lisarinna: I can't believe we are already designing the belle gray for line for Fall 2013!” 
Getting my hair touched up... love fresh blonde streaks...#sunkissedblonde 
you both look so gorgeous!!!!! 
um need I say more Reeeeshard!!!! “@MindyWeiss: Hermès bicycle  
aw thank you so much....your trip sounded amazing 
you're welcome! You're inspiring all of us around the world...we are cheering you on!!!! 
thanks girls...Lara we all miss you!! 
so happy for you....xo 
Goodnight  
aw that's incredible!!! 
thank u..so happy he's there 
xo:) 
:) 
thank you...I agree with you. He's a true Champion. 
What an inspiration is.... #Olympics #SouthAfrica 
Obsessed....I eat one almost everyday!  
it's taco night at our house with the kids...then grown up time with my gurl fun party tonight!
#girlsnightout 
I love this picture our daughter Sami took of us today...  
I didn't! I need help:) 
great seeing you too. You look stunning....xo 
Aw I love Bravo even more for airing our bug movie:) 
#FF brave, courageous, gorgeous girl... #pray4tay 
wonder what listens to before the race...and what do they all eat on the day of before competing...hmmm 
Gorgeous girl GOLD!!!!!!!!! so happy for you! your mom looks so proud. congrats!! 
amazing!!!!!!!!! wow.....& Gabby Douglas is on fire!!!!!!! damn
#Olympics #TeamUSA 
thank u gorgeous girl.. 
Love his work! Just had a fab print framed One Kings Lane sale- new beach work!
 x” 
Got the BBQ going...kids are all swimming...summer night with friends.
#fb 
honored to have design a shoe w/me for for a good cause..let's find a cure for #kidneyCancer #pray4tay 
Check out my July photo diary….  Can’t believe it’s August already. 
Happiness....  
We have a beautiful nest in our tree...  
congrats on your baby boy!! Thrilled for you...welcome to the club!!! 
Start snacking the healthy way NOW. Don’t miss your chance to win a month’s supply of snacks.  #snack #healthy 
At designing another shoe for them for charity..#kindneycancer a very special story for this shoe. …  
I do have three daughters. two with my ex husband and one I adopted on my own:) 
Watching the Olympics with my girls...have an early shoot in the morning 
thank u so much 
Just got a golden brown tan with new product #AuRycl love the color & smells like coconut 👙 
wow fantastic! 
Greatest cover ever!! Cover of #Jeah  
I'm sorry though u were in there too! 💋💋💋💋 
xoxo💋 
Skynyrd fan? :) 
thank u:) 
Sitting by the pool with friends listening to Lynyrd Skynyrd #simpleman 
will it still post to my twitter if I add an initial? 
Dumb question how do I get an #instagram acct if someone has one with my name? Won't let me join 
Amazing!!@GrayMalin: Saint-Tropez beach aerial #NoFilter  
congrats Ben and Sarah!!!!!!!!!!! 
tell her you'd like her to do that:) 
greatest song ever 
Goodnight💋 
thank you very much:) 
My nephew's going to a funeral today, his friend, 17 yrs old....the pain his parents & loved ones are going thru. sending them light &love 
thank you 
Goodnight:) 
thank you had so much fun shooting it! 
wow thank you very much:) 
you're very kind thank you 
love that song! 
Made yummy pasta for dinner tonight  
George Jefferson, RIP Sherman Hemsley a comedic genius...my thoughts are with his loved ones.. 
happy birthday!!! 
my girls love everything!! 
she's a Richards...I adopted her a year ago 
yes:) 
thank u so much means alot 
thank you 
my daughter Eloise 
Happy Sunday!  
I'm terribly sorry... 
:) thank u 
thank u:) 
I'm so sorry 
thank you...we had fun shooting it 
thank you for your sweet messages.... 
I'm sorry you had a painful day... 
Today would've been my mom's bday...not a day goes by that I don't think about her, lost her 4 1/2 yrs ago to cancer...we miss her so much.. 
thank u:) he's not on twitter anymore 
so sorry to hear about Bianca....I know how painful it is. So sorry ... 
Family day at the pool  
you must be loving this weather!! 
thank u I'm so glad you enjoyed it 
Don't forget to watch my episode of #AngerManagement tonight at 9:30 on FX with Charlie Sheen!! 
Got girls off to camp for the day...so happy my sister & nephews are coming over for a couple days 
thank you I'm glad you like it 
hi babe 
thank you 
thank u:) 
love the home improvement shows on HGTV & the housewives on bravo 
tivo:) 
ha!!! Do you still ride?? 
Love her...she's at my daughters camp  
hi! How's your trip?? 
thank u:) 
sure! 
I was 5 months pregnant too! 
thanks Joey...likewise:) 
thank you:) 
first one since our divorce 
Found out my episode of #AngerManagement airs this thurs! 
I miss you...we need to start up our Sunday dinners again 
thank you!!! 
my heart goes out to & your family.... 
so great seeing you!!! 
my heart breaks for her family & loved ones this is devastating #RipLola 
been slow catching up...sounds like the trip is amazing! 
thank you so much...means a lot 
thank you!! 
this is heartbreaking 
I'm going to send you some!!!! 
So glad! My hair just fell in love with shampoo!!” 
happy birthday. 
great seeing you!! 
Great party at house...thank you for having me!! fun night. Happy Birthday!! 
My nephew put this together for me...so cute the kids are going to love it!  
for me it's my kids, clean living & happiness:) 
thank u:) 
aw!!! Have a great night... 
a similar version 
you'll be fine!! All good! 
never:) 
9pm & its 80 degrees! swimming with the kids...  
yup 
aw thank you so much!! 
let me know how you like it!! 
thank you....I have a lot to be grateful for:) 
oh good I was worried..... 
sending you good thoughts and prayers... 
happy birthday to my gorgeous and ageless friend!! 
thank you! So much fun filming the movie 
hope u enjoy:) 
I miss the lightning bugs there! 
thank you so much 
can't wait for girls night out!!! 
yes it was a oven today“@ScoutMasterson: Beautiful compared to this...  
shit that long ago?!? 
I love that it's 8:30pm and still in the 80's.... #summernights 
Thanks for your advice with my phone! 
My iphone battery drains quickly maybe I have a setting on that I shouldn't..any ideas? 
congrats on your anniversary...and what a special bday..... 
Spent the day with the kids in the pool...I love summer!!!!  
happy birthday!! 
guess not...judgmental with no sense of humor! 
lighten up its a fun show 
thank you. I was just there three weeks ago. I love it there...I will definitely let you know next time I'm there!! 
oh honey you're sweet I've had 3hrs of sleep:) 
just had it framed... I love it. Have the perfect spot, I'll send a picture after I hang it!  
been thinking about you...sending you good thoughts:) 
so random seeing you at the airport!! Great seeing you..fond memories working together. Lots of love!! 
of course! Nice to see you...thank u 
yes a lot love it there. Was there 2 weeks ago 
thank you! 
miss you too...think about you often 
it's summertime girl! Enjoy:) 
will we ever be in the same city?!? Just landed in la..have your bday present still! 
I'm home all next week...:) 
oops meant xo darn iphone 
yes Scotty & robin let's make a plan...co 
thank you for sharing your story....just got your DM:) 
miss you too...we need to get together!...xo 
congrats!! Doing my page for you this week:) 
happy birthday Gorg!!! 
thank you! 
I just noticed your tweet:) 
I'm not! 
thank you 
thank u:) 
xoxo 
thank you very much 
aw really?!? Thx for your support 
xoxo 
xoxo 
thanks it was hair nation 
thank you! 
thank u@itsterri1 It was soo funny. I laughed till my stomach hurt. You were great in it Denise. Blessings to you and your sweet family! :) 
If you haven't seen #witnessprotection Madea yet go see it this weekend...it's hilarious!! So thrilled to be in it... 
thank you! 
I pretty much do! 
have a great trip!!! 
thank you 
no I was sick:( 
Off to Canada for a quick trip! 
happy birthday mama!! 
Happy Birthday!!!!! 
Everyone is enjoying our gorgeous weather!  
Happy 4th of July!! 
My dad trying to relax  
vapid?! No smarty pants this bitch is not vapid 
you guys look like you're having fun...I love it there...miss u:) 
thank you for saying that...loved doing the movie 
you're funny!!! 
I'll go with you 
she's cute! 
Last swim of the day...  
thank you! 
Fun in the sun today...  
try to get to florence or positano or Rome of course 
oh my....you're going to love it...how amazing. 
I love Italy!!!!!!!!!! what part? 
thank you!!!! xoxo 
I'm so sorry...I have so much empathy for you, I've gone through that myself and know how painful it is....very sorry 
Happy Birthday to the man that never ages!!!!!!! 
we lost a legend...RIP Andy Griffith 
thank you for an amazing day!!!!!!! 
Eloise & I just finished our shoot!  
amazing...he's a comic genius & brilliant actor & director..I feel so blessed for the opportunity 
love u too 
night 
I'll read your email thank you very much 
:) 
just saw your other tweet...thank you so much!!!... 
thank you 
aw I'm sorry!!! 
u crack me up 
love love my French fans... thank you! I'm actually French & German:) 
xo:) 
wow! So happy you loved it 
aw thx baby 
he's a genius...loved working with him 
hope you're laughing a lot!!! 
Hope everyone had a good weekend..Eloise & I have a fun mommy/daughter shoot tomorrow. Need beauty zzz 
thank you! One of my favorite experiences on a movie 
my family prays for you...you're always in our thoughts. Stay strong....xo 
I wasn't invited 
thank you! 
It's your mom:) #doublerainbow over my house #capecod  
sorry baby 
wow so glad she liked it!! 
last trip for a bit! 
thank you...had so much fun filming it 
something a little naughty I did on #WWHL on 
:)) 
thank you jeff!!!!! how are u?? 
Happy Canada day!!!!! I'm heading to Toronto this week for a couple days. Haven't been there since filming Undercover brother! love it there 
no extensions in the richards/sheen family baby! 
haha! Bring your scissors for eloise's first haircut! 
aw thank you! 
Good morning! Happy Sunday..lounging in bed with coffee & Eloise  
youre moving?! marty!!!!!!!!! 
me too!!!!!!!!! 
are you loving our summer weather?!! 
thank you....I'm very happy and feel so blessed 
goodnight babe 
you're welcome!! thank you for watching it!! glad you loved it 
well thank u...not sure if was balls or if I was tacky:) 
wow thank you 
thank you!! had help with talented people putting me together! 
happy birthday!!!! 
you girls look Gorg!! 
thank you very much!! 
thank u. I was so intimidated to do that in front of Tyler! 
go see #witnessprotection Madea I promise you'll laugh for 2 hrs!! 
thank you so much!! So thrilled you liked it 
congrats!! Beautiful baby!!! So happy for all of you 
happy birthday!! 
Thanks to everyone that went to see #witnessprotection Madea & for your great feedback! 
thank u for a great interview...so happy to see you. Missed u so much...xo 
you made mine! 
I hope you like it 
thanks babe:) 
wow thank you!! 
thank you!!!!...xo 
thank you so much! 
I do:) 
thanks for the memories on set & our week in NY love u guys!!!@RomeoMiller 
thank you so much and congrats on record breaking numbers!! #AngerManagement is a huge hit!!!! Thrilled for you 
Thanks for an amazing opportunity...@tylerperry: on the red carpet #witnessprotection  
thank you so much! 
Madea’s #WitnessProtection is in theaters TODAY. Can't wait for all of you guys to see it.  
thank you so much!! Glad you loved it! 
oh boo! 
Goodnight!  
thank you!! Let me know after you see it! My dress is Missoni 
you're funny:) 
I love him! It was an amazing experience I feel so blessed to have worked with him 
Don't forget to tune in & watch the premiere episode of new show #AngerManagement on FX tonight!!!! 
thank you so much babe!!!!! 
About to go for my interview  
thank you very naughty tho:) 
thank you so much!! it's Missoni....love u btw:)) 
aw thanks beauty!!! 
it was fun while it lasted:)....how could you not return to "normal" with that sex on legs?????? 
Home sweet home 
aw nothing ordinary about you!!!! 
I love me some 
DM me the info! How exciting! 
Highlight of my day was meeting the fabulous I love her. Told her I wanna go to her house & have her cook me fried chicken! 
thank u 
aw thank you..,a bit naughty though! 
thx nat!! 
yes I do:) 
Done with all my press here...thank you everyone for being so gracious & supportive! 
aw thanks I'm sick:( 
Rockin a high pony for VH1  
Best food back stage at the Chew!!!  
no honey this bitch ain't dumb 
So sad about Nora Ephron we lost a legend...my heart goes out to her loved ones 
aw thanks girl you're so sweet...xo 
thank u gorgeous girl!!! 
aw thanks babydoll always so good to see your gorgeous face...xo 
can't wait! 
happy birthday!! 
On a little break..dinner with my girls then #WWHL tonight with & the Gorg 
lots of press! 
My publicist hard at work on the floor while I do my interview  
Thx for having me always fun!@WakeUp_Taylor: Thanks for hanging out with us again! Always a fun time!!  
fantastic 
thank you 
aw thank you nice seeing you!! 
tommy goes it going? 
thanks Min! Got your email and you're right 
My shoes for love them!  
thanks girlie!!!! 
Great night!! I'm in awe of he's a comic genius, & incredible actor& director. So proud to be in his movie!! 
hi:) 
aw thanks mama!! 
Movie is hysterical!!! Laughed for 2hrsRT on the red carpet #witnessprotection  
Off to my premiere!  
thank you!!!!!! I still wanna connect on what you sent me,.. 
full day of press tomorrow starting early and premiere of #WitnessProtection Madea need my 
beauty zzzzzz ...goodnight! 
only one:( my mom passed away a few years ago. 
oh no I'm sorry! 
thank you so much 
thank you we did 
oh geeze don't make it more than it was....a baseball game with our daughters! 
I love this!!!“@MindyWeiss: Love the candy shop tonight thank you for the inspiration (darcy!)  
you land yet??? 
Happy Birthday to my dad Irv!!! Best dad and Grampa in the world! We love u dad... 
damn wish you said hi!! 
night:) 
xoxo 
wish you did!! hi back... 
thank you! 
yes they do!! it was a great night 
you're a doll thank you 
a year ago today?? its our year anniversary:) 
thank you so much 
aw!!! we had the best time.... 
happy birthday to my gorgeous friend 
Great night with the kids!@USPRESSWIRE: and sitting behind the plate at Citi field.  
nice to meet you girls!! 
you're very sweet...I appreciate all your support:) 
ooooh with us & gonna be a fun sexy night!! 
Spending the day with the kids in NY it's gorgeous out! 
boyfriend I cant wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
made it to Ny will be promoting #AngerManagement & I'm #WittnessProtection Madea we made a family trip out of it w/the girls 
ok I can't complain 
I bet!! Rest up for the wedding and see you in NY!!! 
in a studio doing interviews via satellite 
thanks girl!! 
I'm thinking I might need a nap today. Don't think I can push through the day on 3 hrs of sleep 
Christopher!!!!! Thx doll. How are u?? 
thank you so much!! 
you are?! Hope you enjoy it 
yup:) 
go see it! It's a really funny movie..I loved filming this 
thank you!! 
yeah I love the heat!!! 
sending your family lots of love and prayers....it was lovely seeing you last week...xo 
haha yup 
thank you!!! 
Going live for my interviews...  
bobby what are you doing up:) 
Well that was a short night of sleep... 
oh boy...got a 3:30am call time ...satellite interviews for #witnessprotection Madea...very early!!!!!!!!! goodnight:) 
don't believe everything you read:) 
I didn't take it that way no worries:) 
what did I say for you to think I'm being horrible? I adore him and we have the best friendship 
happy birthday!!! 
Yup! “@ttc217: do you really leave your phone all night in case Charlie Sheen runs into trouble? Haha” 
Dropped girls off at riding camp..this horse has the prettiest eyes  
aw so cute!! 
I got the rafts boo! 
yes please do!!! I miss our potty mouth naughty fun!! 
Sexy summer night...  
yes she is !!!! 
we'll both be there for different projects:) 
neither! You'll be brilliant:) 
yup and lots to discuss:) 
Tommy!!!!!!!!!! are you going to NY this weekend?? 
hmmm good snack suggestions thank you. 
kids sound asleep...catching up on emails. starving.....what should I eat at 11pm??? 
I shot one episode 
happy birthday!!!!!!! 
omg thank you...:) 
aw thank you 
so jealous.... 
41 actually....thank u:) 
thanks boo!!!! 
this week?? 
um you could've at least added a please:) happy birthday! 
I prefer turbulence on the ground not 30,000 feet above:) 
happy birthday!! 
it did thank you! 
wonderful 
oh boo.... 
nope and I do it all the time... 
I'm traveling with my make up artist/friend so....don't think we'll be doing that:) 
this flight is so damn bumpy I am responding to as many of you as I can girl!!!!!!!!! 
i sent u a dm 
hi back!!!!!! 
happy birthday to your niece!!! 
not too much...I get quite antsy on flights:) 
thank you!!!!!!! 
thank u..I'm barely in it! they really cut alot of the adult scenes and made it about the teenagers...thanks you though!! 
brought me to a super target..this place is huge! Could spend hours in here 
thank you:) 
have fun!!! 
aw thanks beauty!! I'm sending you some:) you in la?? 
My friend & my make up artist took this we are in such a rush I had to bring my food in the car..ah live…  
thx mama!! Love u 
you made the most stunning arrangements for my home..everyone loved them! They looked gorgeous for the shoot. Thank you:) 
thanks for today I'm do excited! Thanks for your help
& hard work!! 
Need gift ideas for my dad for fathers day!! Best dad and Grandpa... 
lunch?? 
miss u girl 
happy birthday!! 
Finished the shoot!! Packing for Minnesota. Quick trip! 
So sorry I'm missing your party..xo 
In an area near my kitchen getting ready for our shoot..@RichardMarin  
A lovely selection of wardrobe for my shoot  
Been going all day....doing a shoot for InStyle lots going on at the house for this! 
thank you..hardest chapter to write... 
sure boo 
nope! 
thx babe...u get my msg? 
yes please!!!! 
great seeing you and your svelte self with your rock hard abs:))) 
dropped it off today to get framed! so gorg!! I'll send you a picture when its done.... 
thanks beauty!!!!!!!!! 
thank you 
I'm sorry do we know each other? 
My lipstick that put on my lips! 3 different ones combined.. Love this summer color!  
Rockin a pony and poppy lip on  
make up forever Honeysuckle sugar lips@rdelvecc: loved your look this morning on access! What red lipstick were u wearing? 
I got them at !!!! 
On the set at #AccessLive  
Carlos doing my hair...still need to put my face on!  
thank you so much & for your support.!! 
yes she is!!! Love Nat!!!! 
thank you so much 
thanks babe!!!! 
they're wrong! 
Eloise & I are watching last night's episode..she's clapping watching your brother's wedding!  
aw thank you! 
Great party ideas!“@MindyWeiss: Candy bags...  
Yes it was!!! Loved it so much..Lola &Eloise bday luau!@MindyWeiss: candy shop kids favorite part!  
I'd love to invite him! 
thanks you too!! 
thank you..I'm actually a little tired now.. 
they're wrong baby!!! 
thanks Nat!...xo 
Home sweet home...minutes away from seeing my girls! Thanks Nashville for a warm welcome & amazing trip!! 
yeah!! So great talking to you...sending u a dm:) 
bummed I missed you...still in the air..please bring your girl to la...you guys can stay at my chaotic house!!!!! 
yes baby love your opinion on my lipstick:) 
GURL!!!!! "twister"..all was revealed. good laughs & memories for this quick trip! so glad you were my date & brought my face! 
thank you...love love love this dress...great for summer!!! 
you too!!! I wish we met up with you for donuts:) 
It's not mine:)@GracenleoGracie You love mountain dewRT Getting touched up right before going on stage  
Me & the gorgeous Hillary Scott 
backstage....  
leaving tomorrow late afternoon...coffee or lunch tomorrow?? 
aw thanks doll!!! 
thanks baby:) 
Getting touched up right before going on stage  
aw thank you!! 
it's called a red carpet at events:) 
country music awards! 
Green room before going on...love that cocktails are served in mason jars!!  
thank you had a great time!! 
In hair and make up for #CMT love this lip color is doing on me  
so cute!“@shannonleetweed: My baby looks like a kangaroo .  
girl! U looked Gorg!!! Did u get a little phone call from Jilly?? 
can't wait! I'll send u a pic after its framed and hung!! Gorg!!! 
my kids are too young to be on the Internet 
well...not true:) here u go 
Check out Molly Sims’ Zen Garden color story and help Habitat for Humanity!  
they're our heroes and my dad was in the military 
So sweet..like a little kid in his arms:).@maureenlazerus love this tears but happy tears xo  
Good morning..girls had a couple friends sleep over. Already back in the pool! #lovesummerweather 
are u exhausted?? 
so cute!! 
Thank you for the memories today..best party ever.. 
made this delicious ice cream candy cake!!  
Even hank is tuckered out from the party!  
I save many many animals 
A nice touch for a summer party...  
Hula dancers for our luau party!  
Candy bar!  
Today is Lola & Eloise bday party! So excited that & her team are doing it! I'll post lots of pics..she's the best ever!!! 
thank you joey! 
Happy 7th Birthday to our beautiful & sweet daughter Lola!! We love you very much!!!  
thank you so much....that means alot:) 
Eloise....  
aw love that photo!!! thanks for sharing 
good to know thank you!! 
thank you so much 
she would definitely be fun to have a cocktail with and some girl talk:) 
lola told her dad she wants a pony for her bday...so..guess who's responsible for trying to find a pony to adopt? 
:) 
yes I do!! 
thank you:) 
wait till she's 7 ...there is no hiding:) 
thanks luv for your support:))) 
happy birthday babe!!!! 
thank you so much..wish you the best as well 
well thank you...haven't heard much from you in awhile:) 
thank you for sharing that...I miss mine so much. we talked every day 
I'm so sorry 
aw thank you:) 
congrats on your movie! 
thank you for your support! 
thank you so much! 
Good morning...hard to motivate everyone in the house after the three day weekend!  
you're an amazing mom..as soon as my girls fall asleep I'm watching your show! 
you're an angel:) 
you're sweet I'm not on my 2nd book..Chloe is adorable!! 
I've been good! You?? Isn't this weather amazing?? Love it so much 
thank you for sharing it! I just watched it...you & your dad are very inspiring. 
I love that you're such a dog lover:) 
omg you're so funny!! They are cute!!! 
aw!!!! Ma & Pa look cute...miss me some muldoons:) 
I wanna see pics:) 
happy birthday!! 
Wally loves swimming with Grandpa & Eloise  
yes it's crazy:) how was canyon ranch?? 
it's quite funny. He walks all the dogs in our neighborhood & can walk up to 22 at a time! 
Our rescues going for a walk!!  
On this Memorial Day my thoughts are with the brave men & women who've lost their lives serving our country.. 
aw thank u:) 
thx mama...miss u...xo 
what are your fave online home decor shopping sites?? 
thank you...nice meeting you too! 
yes I do! 
thank you!! “@jstanton6: Good positive article on you yippee!  
oh schweetbabe I'll leave my phone on all weekend. Call me if u need me to bail u guys out :)) 
min I love you..so fab & would love to camp like that!!! “@MindyWeiss: Love Luxurious Camping  
oh boy....you and piggy. Nothin but trouble:) 
My daughter Sami donated these items 2 new center outside Los Angeles She had a party in lieu of gifts we had do…  
These gorgeous flowers are in our powder bath.love when freshens up our home with new arrangements..al…  
xo thank u 
xoxi 
Happy 1st birthday to my beautiful daughter Eloise! You are our little angel...we love you!!!!  
Thank you for your feedback..this is a severe problem in our society & changes need to be made.. 
thanks for your feedback! Goodnight:) 
omg I Love your work. I can't wait to get it!! 
ha! Thanks:) 
it was my pleasure I love your parents... 
Spent the afternoon with two families dealing with kidney cancer. I lost my mom to this disease..my dad & I were moved by their journey 
Thanks for a wonderful lunch with our photo contest winners today!  
you're very kind to be so supportive thank u 
my mom passed away four years ago from it too...it's really hard 
DM me 
Having lunch tomorrow with 2 families..kidney cancer survivors. So grateful #kidneycancerassociation put this together for us.. 
aw thx baby 
thank you!! Let me know! 
I can't wait to meet them! 
thank u 
ha!! Goodnight my dear 
Goodnight:)  
I answer a lot 
Congrats! Can't wait!“@AhmetZappa: MY MOVIE IS COMING!!!!! The Odd Life of Timothy Green: Trailer [...:  via 
thanks mama!! Luv u 
I know Ballard thank u for the tip on foundry!!! 
thank u! 
so cute!!! Where r they?“@shannonleetweed: Piglets  
thank u babe 
thank you 
aw that's where I'm from:) downers 
Early celebration for birthday!! Tomorrow is her big day. Our new friends from #ShopNbc  
Love the smell of rain on hot pavement...reminds me of Midwest summers growing up... 
thx mama 
thank you so much!! 
me too mama!! Lefty:) 
me too!!!! 
thanks baby 
thank u:) 
thank u so much 
thank u:) 
Done with first segment...we have a break till 6pm ct what should we do in Minnesota for a few hours?? 
thank you. I promise you'll love it. Let me know 
you'll love it there 
my products are made in USA.... 
I love you too! 
if I do one..I'll send it to you! 
yes I'm bummed I'm missing it..have fun! 
I love you ! Thank u:)) that's how everyone felt about us on our movie! I'm off to Minnesota for a day..miss u..xo 
xo 
Im so sorry 
aw thank u 
um much needed!! 
Getting ready for open house at my girls school...so proud of them. Can't wait to see the work they've done 
happy birthday baby 
thank you so much...could be worse:) I have a blessed life but just dealing w/ crap right now. 
Have you bought my friend 's new book #TheBigFunSexySexBook yet? I love it..love her honesty  
Good morning! Finalizing travel plans for the next month..off tomorrow for a quick trip to Minnesota 
did I really say that? Wow 
and I are headed back to this Saturday May 19! Check local listing for time. #DRVolumeExtend 
thanks mama you too!!!!!! 
thank you...you too mama...xo 
thanks baby 
sending you a big hug too nat...miss u..we're sending you lots of love..xo 
thanks mama!!! happy mothers day to you too...your babies are lucky to have such a loving mom...xo 
I miss my mom so much...I love this picture of us girls....  
Happy Mothers day to all the mommies! My girls made me breakfast in bed!!  
congrats on your book! I can't wait to read it 
thank you for the RT and for all your support:)) 
xoxo 
yup it is 
#ff if u don't believe in equal rights watch his powerful & brave video it will change your mind! Pls RT  
moving, sad, powerful and brave..thank you for sharing your story my heart breaks for your loss he'd be so proud of your voice 
Please watch!! & RT“@marcmalkin It's beautiful and important from an old collegue xox  
so sad and powerful thank you for sending to me 
I love the flowers does for our home..these are on my desk..  
congrats today!!!! 
xoxo 
Yes I do!!!!! “@JEREMYDOLCE: Supports #SameSexMarriage #NOH8 RT  
congrats my friend! So happy for you 
aw thank you gorgeous girl!! 
yes actually he's clean and sober 
Happy Birthday to my 17yr old nephew Alec today!!! So proud of him. 
thank you 
This made me laugh…  I’m sure all the other moms out there can relate! 
I love this picture!! Evening swim/ 2 ducks and a dog in my pool  
praying for her..what a brave soul 
InStyle is going to be shooting it...pictures to come!! 
thank you...Alice and Olivia 
thank you so much 
love your new show!! 
congrats on baby girl!! So happy for your family:) 
thanks babe 
thx honey 
thanks my dear...xo 
so great seeing you babe!! 
My hair tonight...love...@losyork..thank you!!!  
Going to an event ...had my make up done by the fab ..love the way he did my face!!  
I'm gonna be there! 
Even the dogs are enjoying the pool today!  
what?!?! I'll take it! Thank u 
aw thank you!!!!! 
congrats mama!! 
wow thank you 
thank you for the picture of us...our kids love it & were quite bummed they weren't there that day! Lovely meeting you!!! 
thanks baby 
Been filming all day.. w/my glam squad & friends & we're eating chocolate for afternoon pick me…  
Finished #kickin'It last night...amazing cast & crew what a pleasure. My kids couldn't be more excited mom is on one of their fave shows!! 
so happy for you!!! “@lisarinna: I love this #thebigfunsexysexbook  
aw thank you babe 
Please go & get my hot sexy friend Lisa Rinna's new book out today #TheBigFunSexySexBook  
u can borrow one of mine:) invites going out soon... 
So happy that is doing Lola & Eloise bday party coming up..gonna be so fun& special luau theme!!! 
yes mama!!! I'll text u:) 
there isn't a video...please send again! 
On the set of #kickin'It my girls will be here today...they're so happy I'm working on this show! Hope everyone had a great weekend 
He & Keith keep my home looking Gorg “@lisarinna: RT Oh HAPPY DAY EB is BACK! FLOWER PIC OF THE DAY  
So happy!  
A horse in our neighborhood loves our lab Wally ..always gives him kisses!  
he's so cute thanks for sharing 
believe me I don't:) 
aw I love that!! 
Nothing better than wearing your boyfriend's shirt & smelling him all day.. 
mimosa!!! 
yes I was! 5 months actually 
xoxo 
Good morning..getting kids off to school. Then to set #kickin'It have a great day..& night for some of you! 
thank you so much..huge compliment 
I would be embarrassed I'm terrible at drawing:) 
yes..feels like I gave birth to Eloise 
of course! I love him he's the best 
Anyone else obsessed with the app #drawsomething?? 
Anyone else obsessed with the app #drawsomething?? 
My kids are thrilled that I'm doing an episode of #Kickin'It those of u
you that have kids do they watch the show?? I start tomorrow! 
It’s time for another Caption This contest!  Have fun with this one… 
congrats mama!!! couldn't be happier for you. what a blessed soul to choose you and for parents... 
that was hysterical you showing up in the wrong suit 
end of a great day...girls are finally asleep after a long day of swimming. goodnight & sweet dreams:) 
cereal...yours? 
Best family day ever...@charliesheen fun in the sun, swimming in the pool all day! 
I love your dog 
Morning! Happy Sunday...  
crazy temp drops!! Loving it by us! 
Up from her nap..Li'l bed head!! Ready to swim..  
thank you!!!! 
well said thank you 
It's a wrap! Thanks for a great week..had a blast! So fun working together again!!  
On our last scene of #AngerManagement for this episode...Lola is a trooper waiting for mama & daddy to wrap 
here you go doll! 
Lola came to set with me today...she's helping me with my earrings!  
I love having fresh flowers in our home..the butterfly is a sweet touch!  
wow! Thank you..u made my day! 
yup and we have two kids together 
thank you!!! 
thank u:) 
no:( 
thx babe..miss u..xo 
Happy Birthday!!!!!! 
In hair and make up on show #AngerManagement  
you put 20yr olds to shame! 
check your dm mama 
or me mama! 
Good morning! Working on #AngerManagement today! 
thank you for your support always! 
Enjoying the sun while watching my daughters soccer practice... #fb 
Just found out the movie I did with Tyler Perry #Madea will be out in June! 
I do! And thx for reading my book:) 
Just finished a bikini shoot...studying my lines for #AngerManagement filming tomorrow! 
Miss Eloise got a hold of my glasses!  
um nothing I take good care of myself and my skin 
Grandpa cooking a big family dinner for us  
can't wait to see your show..I'm a bit of an animal hoarder myself:) congrats on your show! 
check your DM:) 
xoxo 
thx love 
Thank you to everyone who shared your parenting rules with me…  Let me know if your kids follow these too! 
Good morning! Getting kids ready for school, workout & off to a fitting for #AngerManagement 
thank u 
aw thank you!! 
thank you!! 
Me & the lovely at our interview..for my hair care #VolumeExtend  
clearly you're not familiar with my fabulous work in a movie Tammy the T-Rex and Saved by the bell.. 
thx girl...xo 
and I at our photoshoot  
In hair and make up at doing press for my hair care line #VolumeExtend 
thank you ! 
I'm dealing with the same thing tonight:) 
Amazing weekend with the kids...thank you girls had a blast! Lovely family time... 
already?!? 
Good morning! Happy Saturday...have a great day! And night for some of you:) 
looks like the best party!! 
thank u:)) 
xoxo@charliesheen: gr8t having on set today for our table read! funny stuff well done sweetheart! xo c  
hey baby!!!! Thank u:) 
I found this picture of me pregnant with Lola!  
One more funny shot of Hankie poo getting some kooky treatment btw if it works I will let u know!!  
My assistant took our dog hank for acupuncture and laser therapy...
#pleasedontjudgelastresortforhisback  
Finished the table reading for #AngerManagement funny episode! Really excited to be part of the show... 
Good morning! Happy it's Friday... planned fun weekend with the kids and I.. 
goodnight 💋 
actually she wasnt 
thanks girls!!! 
thank you do much 
thank u so much and for sharing that:) 
order my friend's sexy book!“@lisarinna: You can pre- order #TheBigFunSexySexbook on  it officially comes out May 1st!” 
you're sweet thank u 
yes I am:) 
yes we are! 
thank u! 
great pic of the jersey boys:) “@TheRealSambora: Hey peeps... Workin away in the studio.. Guess who?  
that's funny reshaaaard! 
check your dm:) 
have you tried ??? Amazing 
bring the fam anytime!!!! 
Fire pit in our grotto...love this!  
thx baby:) 
why would I block u? Hmm should I?? 
View from my dentist's office...only in beverly hills! Love the palm trees:)  
thank you love... 
Busy day....just had nice family dinner. Hope everyone had a happy holiday over the weekend 
I went soph-senior and yes I did graduate from there! 
I would hope of they are that young they aren't on twitter! 
me neither 
no actually...lots of help from my glam squad:) 
thank you 
thank u baby 
aw thank u 
Finished my kids Easter baskets..hid them all...love that my big girls believe in the bunny still:) Eloise's 1st Easter!!! 
In hair and make up for my shoot...  
thx baby 
lettuce bath? What is it 
thank u!!! 
Thanks for all the sleep tips btw!! 
thx honey! 
gonna try it! Thank you 
Dragging through the day..Eloise still doesn't sleep thru the night. Any advice? 
Catching up on #shameless my little Eloise was up every 3 hrs last night... 
thank you 
Girls loved visiting daddy on set today! #AngerManagement  
I'll call u and explain schweetbabe!! When we having dinner? Miss u 
I love you thank you...xoxo 
only on twitter... 
not true:) 
happy birthday!!! 
Feeding my girl this am...one of my fav pics of her from our trip!  
thank u so much 
one of my first jobs!! 
thank u 
so cute 
I have a cool shoot this week ..doing a "bond girl" portrait for the 50th anniversary of Bond... 
aw thank u 
Someone's tired:)  
right there with ya:) 
you did a beautiful job 
Came home to our pool being 100percent finished! Big project for us..girls are ready to jump in! 
Hawaii! 
Back in la!! So early...... 
Sunset massage....  
I've been going for it everyday since I got here!! Oh well..miss u..xo 
I'm a lefty too:) 
thank you:) 
of course! Thank u 
always!! My fave!! 
Enjoying the last couple days of our trip...breakfast buffet then poolside! 
Our view  
hey lady:) 
someone told us that 
a gecko 
My daughters have been catching these since we got here...of course they let them go!!  
Christopher!!!! I miss u and your wife...xo 
love your sunscreen!  
I do! 
Island girl!  
it deleted my text messages, and photos and some contacts when it restored 
Has anyone had their iphone restore on its own without being connected 2 their computer?I'm ready 2 throw it in the toilet. is it iCloud? 
Goodnight..💤 
thank you! 
cant wait!! 
an app Emoji 
we must start up our Sunday dinners again 
thx gorgeous girl!! 
We arrived in paradise!! So happy to have some R&R with the family 
see you soon!!! 
thx mama you too!!...xo 
not true! 
Grandpa making breakfast for all the kids!  
Sundae bar for Sami's bday party! Yum  
great thank you!! 
Good morning! Getting ready for my workout.then getting the house ready for Sami's birthday party! Spa/slumber party..12 girls sleeping over 
Schweeetbabe!!! Miss u 
yeah! My girls last day is tomorrow 
aw he looks so cute!!!! 
Last day of filming! Vacation bound this weekend with the family! 
I'm so glad thank you so much 
A guy on our crew brought this little one today...I'm in love!  
thanks baby 
thank you!! No I'm not doing it anymore.. 
My thank you to all of you who bought my pump  for 
check your DM:) 
you're funny...I look like shit with no make up! Yuck 
congrats mama!!! 
Home sweet home... 
xo 
chris-y-poo you look like a fab chef 
thx babe 
Aw thank you!!!!! 
just landed back in la!! I'm working rest of week...miss you 
omg cutest thing ever!!!! 
no more:( 
wow that's not cool. I told u early on the word cancer I couldn't even look at it after my mom died. 
thank you!! 
thank you! Yes it does:) 
thank you 
we have kids together and support each other 
thanks!! And congrats to you!!! Miss u...xo 
google me babe 
thx mama 
xoxo 
Thx babe! tune in to ShopNbc at 6pm EST and watch launch her new haircare line!
(gotta' support mama!!)
RT 
Backstage! Minutes away from going live  
Good morning! Going live today at 11am west coast 2 pm east coast 1pm minnesota time! On #Shopnbc to sell my shampoo line so excited! 
aw poor thing what's wrong with her? 
I post lots of family shots look back at my tweets 
Find with this Channel Finder and tune in to the launch of #DRVolumeExtend at 1pm & 6pm CST.  
thanks beautiful girl!! Thank you so much for your help you're fantastic!!! 
thank u beautiful...xo 
xoxo 
This brightened up my day today!  
thx for the RT mama! 
Happy St. Patrick's day!!!!! 
#ff my beautiful supportive girlfriend she has a lot of exciting things going on right now!! 
On set...we have a bit of fake snow today!  
Hanging with Eloise while I study my lines before work...  
congrats mama! 
Still working...3 more scenes won't make it home in time to say good night to my girls:( grateful for the job though! 
thank you I've met a lot of beautiful porn stars “@dufus: You look like a porn star” 
thank you enjoy:) 
you're welcome! I was in town shooting a movie for Tyler Perry.. 
not sure what I said that implied that 
now I'm a moron? Wow learn some manners my friend 
thank you so much means alot 
that's actually his other ex wife with our daughters 
Freddy the fallen leaf 
wishing you an inspiring writing session today Jack:) 
Agree!!! 
thank u she did! 
thought about you too with our beautiful weather:) 
hers was yesterday thank you!! 
Happy Birthday!!!!! 
loved the CD...thank you!! And your performance was brilliant. We were all talking about it after we saw you...damn good job!!! 
On my last shot...hoping to make it on time to our family bday dinner for Sami.
#workingmamaguilt 
it's called make up... 
On my way to set...1st day of shooting. I'll post pics! 
Thank you for the sweet bday messages for Sami 
thank you! Saw your #WWHL you were great!!!!!! 
Happy 8th birthday to our beautiful daughter Sami!! Happy Birthday! We love you....xo 
how's your shoot going?? 
wow thank you!!!!!! 
thank you I'm 5'6" 
aw thank you...my parents always had a great work ethic. Got it from them:) 
I love my daughter's hugs at the end of a long day!  
ha! And a lot of cleavage there was! 
wow thank you!! 
yes we do 
love my footwear!! Thank you! The best ever!!!!! 
yes I am Lucy and Richie is Jack:) we call ourselves the jack & Lucy show 
thank you! 
it's my products! I launch on ShopNbc march 19! 
After lunch touch ups!  
thank you 
oregano oil! 
I wrote about it in my book...long story:) 
thanks jack..remember our trip to amsterdam:) 
miss you too!! 
Behind the scenes with my glam squad &  
Our view from my shoot!  
did you like the $30 soup? 
Just finished a fun interview with my friend we did a workout at  
yes it is! Tell Nello and Anthony hi:) btw..Jill let you eat?!? 
not true! All me:) 
thank you!! 
goodnight jack:) 
I am now babe:) 
I will:) 
Off to bed...girls don't have school tomorrow. Gonna help me at the shelter w/ 
I didn't say anything negative about him at all. Just was curious if he was watching given his strong beliefs about that issue 
thank you so much 
yes she did! 
My heart breaks for the victims of these devastating tornadoes.... 
you were fantastic on #WWHL and looked gorgeous!!! 
Eloise watching her big sister Sami's play...Wizard of Oz!  
No sleep last night:( gonna be dragging through the day...TGIF! 
I wasn't sure what they were! Thank u 
no!! Not another season unfortunately:( 
I love fresh flowers in our home...these are next to my bed.  
so crazy...so much fun tho! 
Found this photo of & I on the set of #DropDeadGorgeous  
aw thank you so much very kind of you 
love you too!! 
Taking care of my older girls home sick with strep throat:( 
aw thank you 
I don't think so 
I was thinking the same thing. Damn he looks good“@BravoAndy: Cruise looks 25. How the eff does he do it?!?!?! #Oscars” 
is ageless!!!!! Wow I think he discovered the fountain of youth! #gorgeousman 
I can't believe that just happened... 
Many of you are asking what that photo is that I posted. It's Eloise's pacifier that our dog chewed:( 
Good morning! Eloise only got up once last night...so happy!!! 
I'm guessing you don't have kids:) a pacifier that my dog ate 
thank you:) 
a pacifier our dog chewed it:) 
Another one bites the dust...  
she was an owner surrender at shelter & told her age. Usually by their teeth they can tell as well 
We sadly lost our beloved Josie..rescued her from Baldwin Shelter. She was 18 when she passed away...she will be missed  
My afternoon! #blessedmama  
happy birthday!!!!!!! 
Got a sneak peek gorg! 2nite night! I'm on Qvc 7:40 pst 10:40est 9:40 central #QvcRedcarpet Tune in to see my new clothing line 
Perfect ending to a long day...blood orange martini!  
“@TheJoeyParker: Lisa Rinna's new fashion line Belle Gray by Lisa Rinna debuts on #QvcRedCarpet TOMORROW!!! Who's excited?!” 
Launching soon! So excited.....  
Good morning!!! So happy gonna be 80 degrees today..love summer weather!! 
happy birthday!!! 
check out Sky High for Shaya's party...so fun! 
Can't sleep:( #insomnia 
happy birthday gorgeous girl! 
thank you so much 
I'm from Chicago raised on meat and potatoes...and Gravy:) its delish! 
With fries!!!!@CarolineManzo: There's nothing better than a grilled cheese sandwich - -- stick to your rib kinda meal” 
not true babe!! 
It's a little blurry...our lab Wally loves to smile!  
iCloud! 
Happy Sunday...have a beautiful day! (night for some of you:) 
omg one of my first jobs! 
happy birthday!!! 
no watched on CNN 
thank u fun movie to film! 
Beautiful service...my heart breaks for her mom & daughter & those close to her..what a beautiful soul #Whitney 
don't give up...the right baby will find you 
thanks Bob!!!!!!!! 
thank you 
no idea what you're talking about I've never been there! 
thanks jakey poo! 
Wheels up! and the family back to la! Atlanta we love you thanks for the memories!!!  
happy birthday!! 
thanks sha!!! Love you all...xo 
happy birthday beautiful girl!!! 
great birthday thank you!!“@charliesheen: Georgia aquarium 
whale shark wishes Denise happy Bday!  
thank you! Yes we do.....xo 
My birthday morning in Atlanta! Eloise was asleep:)  
thank u Nat...miss u...xo 
thx my friend!! 
miss u thank u...xo 
thx mama!!!!!see u soon I hope!! 
thx gorg...xo 
xoxo love u 
thanks patti so sweet...xo 
thanks beauty!!..xo 
thanks my gorgeous sweet friend !!...xo 
thanks gorgeous boyfriend;) 
Thank you for the birthday wishes!!! Love you all....xo 
It's a wrap!! Bittersweet finishing the movie...surprised me with an early birthday cake!  
Today is my last day on #Madea ..what an experience working w/ loved every minute...gonna be a funny movie!!!!!!! 
would love too...gonna miss all of u 
Mr makes sure we have fresh flowers in our trailer every week...so lovely!  
what does an old bond movie have to do with faking youth? 
So true!  
travel safe see u tomorrow! 
Back in atlanta so happy my family is with me 
when you flying back babe? 
Happy Valentine's Day!!💝 
ready to head back to hotlanta??? 
sounds strange but works for us...great for our girls 
I wasn't asked:) 
great season my friend!!!!! 
Packing the family..heading to Atlanta tomorrow to finish the movie. Kids coming & #familytime 
So sad to hear about Whitney Houston..my heart goes out to her loved ones and her daughter.. 
well I have a feeling I know how:) 
Linda!! I miss you.. 
congrats on your show!! So happy for you..much deserved! 
My fav stroller!! 
@Kimzolciak: The Origami Stroller has lights on the front!!!! And clocks ur mileage while u walk!!! This is sooooo cool! 
Wrapped!!!!! Back to my babies for a few days! 
I love your closet 
Hoping I wrap in time to get to la tonight & surprise my girls! 
finally you're on this;) 
fun night:)@RomeoMiller can't believe I'm having dinner w/@DENISE_RICHARDS she's such a beautiful woman inside n out!  
yeah!!! Please let me know your thoughts!!! 
omg the 3 of us snuggled in your tent with 2 ft of snow & my tent blew down! 
thank u luv you too! 
You're sweet thank you!!“@shannonleetweed: Stayed up after work reading this Loved it!  
Afternoon lull!!!!!!! 
my balcony! 
I was thinking the same thing!!! 
you were at the drive thru??? 
it's actually a movie 
yup that is definitely chilly! 
Watching one of my favorite shows #modernfamily ! 
not that I know of! 
aw...thank u 
it would also get me into trouble;) 
yup:) 
yeah well can't film any of that sh*t 
I love the show but my life is too boring to be on it 
exactly!! 
miss u mama:) 
I wanted them too:( found out Madonna's boot were custom by Miu Miu and not going on shelves...boo :(” 
miss you guys!!!....xo 
ok I need your help!! 
both! 
xoxo 
you're welcome! I hope you like them 
Does anyone know a professional organizer based in Los Angeles? 
luv ya to bits too! 
my dad:) 
fab commercial Johnny! 
thank you I know you do:)..much to catch up on!! 
yes girl 
Missing my big girls couldn't take them out of school...both lost a tooth this am!! Seeing them this weekend.. 
#workingmamaguilt 
Missing my big girls couldn't take them out of school...both lost a tooth this am!! Seeing them this weekend.. 
#workingmamaguilt 
thank you so much 
amazing show!! She is stunning!! 
Madonna looks amazing!! Great #halftime show!!! 
thank u for taking good care of us..fantastic show!! 
Excited for the #SuperBowl watching the game with the cast and crew gonna be a good game!!!!! And can't wait to see the fab Madonna!!! 
Just saw the musical Memphis here in Atlanta great show!!! 
I am and loving it here! 
thank you!! 
yes I am:) 
aw thank you 
working...on set early! 
Tyler Perry Madea... 
Good morning! TGIF!!! Happy Friday 
My office today...stunning location to shoot!  
they're still naughty!! 
many! 
happy birthday!! 
thank you 
you were great on the reunion and such a class act 
hello!! Have a great day at work:) 
sounds amazing..wonder if they have in Atlanta?? 
I'm happy for you that everything came back good... 
it's not out yet!! 
yup!!! Miss Friends!! 
thanks girl!!!!! 
well shit can't please everyone... 
thank you so much...loved working on the show!! 
aw thank you! 
yes there is!! Thank u 
congrats!! 
thank you 
Tyler perry movie! 
definitely!! 
Good morning! Heading to set....very early. Excited its my first day of shooting! 
your show is so inspiring for any business...I love it!! 
I'm not on that show but am a big fan! 
so glad you like them!! 
they are quite tasty!! 
Ordered sweet potatoes...came with marshmallows on top! Is this common in Atlanta??  
which one? I love ice cream 
Arrived in Atlanta!!! 
omg where did you get that pizza 
thanks Nat!!!..you probably know more than I do...xo 
u did! 
thank you! 
so excited about this!!“@THR: EXCLUSIVE: Tyler Perry Sets Cast for New 'Madea' Movie  
check your DM mama 
neither can I!!! 
Thanks for all the suggestions in Atlanta...love twitter all of you are so helpful 
thank u so much!!! 
thanks gorgeous girl...learned from the best:) 
good that's the point !!! Thank u 
Date night with my daughters...slumber party in my room! 
me:) 
thx! Need to do a family dinner when I get back! 
Shooting B-roll for my hair line with Cristophe  
thank you so much your support means a lot 
I'm so sorry...sending your family lots of love 
congrats you'll be great!! 
thank u so much 
ha!! I think you both will have a better version! 
thanks baby:) 
thank you!! 
prove him wrong...xo 
I'm on tonight 
repeat:( 
omg I love you 
thank you 
I actually don't:) 
thx baby!! Miss you guys 
thank u!! 
thank u 
thank u my dad is great! 
xo 
I do the best I can:) thank u 
thank you! 
yes 
thanks so much!! 
With my besties & Kelly Carlson getting ready to get our a** kicked by 
you're so kind thank you 
teaspoon sips of pedialite and coke, tea, water 
no I've become very jaded nothing shocks me:) 
happy birthday baby!!!! 
she uses it as a camera 
yes she does!! 
love you!! 
thank you...tune in tomorrow for more of me being an idiot!!! 
I couldn't resist sharing this photo...Eloise adores her big sisters. Sami is showing her a picture on her camera...  
love your show...you are so brilliant and stunning 
I agree!!@jackiejcollins: Thought for the day. When u fuck up you have to own it.....” 
is giving away another one of their popular #vegan cleanses!  #giveaway #detox 
Dinner time!  
can't believe you have the top down! 
Happy Birthday!! sending you lots of love...xo 
thank you!! 
So glad my friends are working out with me this am & Kelly Carlson..been tough getting myself back in my routine!! 
yes it does! 
won't let me go straight to twitter....how do I bypass it? 
thank you so much...great cause and the shoe is fab! 
hope you like! 
yeah!! I bet they'll look hot on you! 
one day I will very soon! 
thank u had a blast filming it...so many fond memories! 
as much as I love summer weather I'm kinda liking the rain we're having 
Get my red carpet curls styled by and enter for the grand prize drawing for my new hair care line…  
happy birthday Nick!!!!!!!!!!! 
let's get together soon miss u...xo 
Went to bday party...lovely afternoon 
Time for some grown up time with a couple of my besties!! Much needed girl talk!! 
thank you so much it was fun to film 
Rainy cozy day in la..... 
half and half! 
Saturday morning...  
nice! We can have coffee together! 
thank you so much!! 
7 1/2 months! 
hmm what did I do now? 
my baby daughter 
Good morning...up since 5 feeding eloise..on my 1st cup of coffee:) 
I'm up too.. Time to feed the baby 
definitely! 
you look gorgeous #footballmama!! 
yes thank u so much 
I love this picture!“@TheEllenShow: There's something wrong with these puppies.  
a long time ago:) 
Instead of telling you about one of my favorite pumps this week, I wanted to share 3  member picks  
so sad to hear Etta James passed away.....my heart goes out to her loved ones.. 
So slushy magic does work...but it is a bit messy:) 
thanks mama girl! 
I came home to this dropped off by my friends & Eloise is gonna love it! Thanks babes..xo  
thank you.... 
At family dinner with the kids...his boys are here too..and Grandpa Irv! 
thank you I hope you enjoy! 
thanks babe 
thank you:) 
happy birthday!! 
thx mama! 
My first episode airs tonight!! Find out the details here...  
Good morning...talking to today 
yes 
thanks babe:) 
happy birthday!!! 
I'll let you know! 
Lola is happy this showed up today!  
aw thank you...you just made mine! 
Had such a great workout today... Think I'm gonna be sore tomorrow!! Great way to kick start my routine! 
leave it!!!!! 
Leave your caption for this funny photo in the comments section on my site for a chance to win a signed copy of my book  
Good morning..got the girls off to school. Working out this am.. First one of the year....wow need to get back into it. 
happy birthday gorg! 
thank you!! 
Long day.....just ended it with a nice dinner with my girls. 
lovely to meet you too!! Love your laugh:) 
the shoe is almost sold out! 
really?!? I'm not sure what the problem is I'm sorry 
All I can do when I look at this picture now is laugh...  
did access earlier 
Extra at the grove!!!  
thx beautiful 
My shoe! The "Eloise" available on   
Off the the grove for Extra! 
5am and already out the door... So early!! I'll be on access live with this am 
thanks Joey!! 
It's nice to get away but always nicer to come home....girls sound asleep. I have to get up at 4am. Off to bed soon..goodnight!! 
I'm back mama 
thank you I hope you love them 
aw thank you...honored to be on the show 
love her! Thank you 
Thx@CauseandObject How adorbs are these pumps from & 100% of proceeds go to  
Early call time tomorrow 5am! Shooting access Hollywood and Extra at the grove promoting #30rock & my shoe for shoe dazzle 
Great weekend with the family...heading back to reality! 
Here's how to style your hair in a sleek pony like mine and another chance to win products from my new hair care line..  
oops meant so not do:) 
how was Shameless not nominated??? And William H Macy do brilliant 
thank you so much!! 
looks stunning!!!!!!!!!!!! love her 
watching the red carpet...any favorite dresses??? 
my wardrobe looks like yours:) 
Relaxing in paradise watching the game... 
nope! Have a great day !! 
just sent you a text SB... 
thank you I hope so! 
actually I have press on tues with a 5am calltime! 
going on a spontaneous trip with the girls this long weekend.... 
I'm giving away more products from my new hair care line...  
good luck mama!!!!! 
Help me find a forever home for adorable little Lucky...  
Good morning happy Friday!!! What are your weekend plans?? 
next week! 
ah! Yes it is ewwww actually:) 
what's ewwww?? 
8 hrs! It's amazing 
Happy Birthday gorgeous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Birthday gorgeous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so sorry about your dog.... 
that's pretty funny..thanks for sending 
don't apologize...sometimes my tweets can be confusing:)) 
thank you very much... 
helps pigmentation, shrinks pores, smoothes fines lines...amazing treatment. baby skin afterward 
no never!! its a mild peel and works wonders on the skin. its incredible. I do it 2x a year. 
face is starting to peel from my cosmelan treatment...staying in going through the kids closets, donating lots of clothes and toys. 
Now this will help curb your fast food habit…  
Good morning!! 
miss you so much...lots of fond memories baby...xo 
Gorgeous!!! 
Do you ever have days where everyone bugs you??? Maybe I need a good nights sleep 
i am following...:) 
doing some phone interviews to promote my "Eloise" shoe for Shoedazzle....everything goes to charity!! 
so happy!!!!!!!!!!! 
Walls your kids are actually allowed to write on…  
exactly! 
she's beautiful 
So tired...can't wait to curl up in bed & watch show & on #wwhl love it's 5 days a week! 
such a positive role model 
love you both!!! 
why not?! 
ok well others might find it slightly entertaining 
Boston terrier 
hysterical !!“@Mike_Rooker: you gotta see this! You'll LOVE it!  
I love that show!!! Congrats HH!!! 
thank you for the suggestions!!! 
I found Peanut in Eloise's car...she got in there on her own!  
done with my meetings....doing homework with the girls. 
which cookbooks do you recommend 
A first look at the pump I designed for It's named after my baby Eloise and profits go to  
it's called Cosmalen 
fun night! & yes no cab ride stories :) at least not in public 
a little typo:) haven't had enough coffee this am 
good morning....getting kids up & off to school. I'm getting on of my fav treatments at cosmelan I love it...skin is silky smooth 
really?!? Love that she's named after me:) 
so glad thank you for adopting!! 
I agree! gave me chills..love it“@lala: Love Jay-Z's song Glory..nothing like a daddy's love for his daughter...sooo sweet! So touching..” 
At the shelter doing an interview for E News! To raise awareness for pet adoption for  
Here’s how to get my Old Hollywood waves styled by and win products from my brand-new hair care line…  
Are you in la??? 
do u like that class?? Is it cardio barre? 
Casa vega girls? 
yes can't wait!! 
lounging in bed with my daughters....too much of a lazy bones to get up... 
much better! thank you...its a new week! have a great day! 
rough week with the kids sick:( 
thanks you too! 
happy birthday!!!!!!!!!! 
good morning...baby eloise got me up very early today. already on my 2nd cup of coffee.......... 
so adorable! 
Gorg!!!!“@lisarinna: Going through our storage space OY but finding some fun things! Poster from Chicago!  
sounds like my friday night:) 
so so cute!! 
so cute!! 
I actually wasn't on baywatch:) 
That face!!!!!!!! Our frenchie Hank  
thanks Min!!!! 
Yummy lunch with the girls & Grandpa Irv..let them stay home they're finally feeling really good. 
Don't forget to enter my first hair care giveaway...  Products from my new line with 
thanks baby... Everyone is entitled to an opinion. Some are classier about it than others:) 
you got it...xo 
Iove you too!! 
Appreciate your blunt honesty:) on screen u r HOT,in reality, u r below average regular gal!! Un-follow for sure! 
of course!!!! thank you for sending 
I loved him in his pj's making breakfast:) 
lola is 6 too...grabbed my cc and dialed the # for me.. 
crap gave in and ordered that damn slushy thing...6 weeks for delivery?!?? 
What do you think of these sexy yet sophisticated leopard-print pumps?  
Lola is funny always writing #'s down of products on tv..she wants me to order slushy magic..anyone try it? 
I sing terribly 
Finally watched Next Chapter with amazing interview!! Love the new show& interview at home..I wanted to see his closet! 
good morning! Happy Friday... 
yes! Peanut:) 
thanks mama!! 
I love fresh flowers in our home...this is in my bathroom....  
my mom passed away 4 yrs ago...lost her battle...thank you so much 
aw thank you 
Working on a new blog for my site....can't thank you enough for your amazing feedback 
The first part of prevention is awareness...Please read about my mother's battle with kidney cancer right here...  
I love summer..never tired of hot weather! It does get chilly...60's:)) I'm from Chicago & love it warm 
I'm starting to understand the severity of that problem. I was not educated & told otherwise when we swam with dolphins.. 
I'm always raving about they just came out with a book! check out The Physique 57 Solution  
I think it's the parents more than the place. I love where we live.... 
Girls still home from school..nasty bug:(
Good news it's like summer here... 
loving this weather!! 
Secret banana messages....your kids will love this..  
come to la !!! 
Which nail color is your favorite? Let me know in the comments section on my site..  
Good morning! Just when school is back from break my girls have the stomach flu:( yuck poor girls.... 
A chance to win my new hair care line before it even comes out..  
Thank you for sharing your personal pics with me of your furry family member 
so cute! Once you have a Boston you never go back! 
miss Bella is adorable!!! 
so cute thank you for sharing 
I'm so sorry.. 
Happy New year!!!! Have a safe holiday...2012 is going to be an amazing year for all of us...love you all...xo 
thats funny...miss you Jakey..xo 
happy new year!!!!!! Can't wait for your new season!! 
We are so in love with our Boston terrier Peanut:)  
We love our George!  
thank u..love you too:) 
I'm so deeply sorry..I lost my mom to kidney cancer 4 yrs ago. Sending you thoughts and prayers...xo 
thank you! Many blessings to you as well 
congrats!!!!!!Happy Anniversary 
thank you...hated myself in that movie! 
reflecting on this past year..A lot happened. half way into the year was blessed with my daughter Eloise..excited for the new year...you?? 
What did you guys think of the Mystery Gift Bag giveaway yesterday?!  
Eloise & I had a lovely breakfast date this am with my beautiful friend loved catching up Min!! It's gonna be a great year for u 
A sparkly pump for NYE..  
yup! 
exactly! 
Anyone else have to sleep in a cold room?? Love it cold with warm cozy covers .. 
miss u schweeetbabe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just sent u a DM:) 
Loving this weather in la.... 
congrats Min!!! Hi friends starting my book tour in january check out my website  
congrats on your baby girl...I'm so happy for your family 
so happy for her! 
thank you....I had a blast filming with my old friend Dean Cain 
I agree!@Cindymaccramer Mattel should make a Barbie with no hair so every little girl fighting cancer feels beautiful. 
thank you so much 
nope:)  though!!!! 
omg....love the face!!!!!!!!! 
aw thank you!! 
I'll check it out! 
thats perfect 
I'm so sorry thank you for the wonderful gesture 
thanks babe 
keep going! and if you miss don't feel bad just pick yourself up and kep going.. 
Share your New Year’s resolutions on my site…  
Get a surprise Mystery Bag only $29.99, two pieces + prizes up to $700 value!  
Spending the day cooking..homemade soups, roasted chicken, and a roast. Of course lots of veggies and salads. We'll be set rest of the week. 
she's fantastic! Hope u enjoy 
thank you!!!! Yes the sparkle:)) love me some bling! 
my fellow Boston lover :) 
sorry what is it? 
our new boston rescue...couldn't resist. Our 12yr Boston died this year. Her name is peanut:) 
That face!  
Easy and eco-friendly ways to prevent lice with your kids…  
it does look fake but it's actually real. Should've saved the money and done the other! 
yes we love it! 
Pizza night! Getting the oven ready  
perfect! Look forward to it... xo 
I'm so sorry about Martin I know how difficult that is...very sorry... 
would love to!!! Next time I'm there I'll organize if you make me an italian meal:) 
My tips for organizing your closet...  
aw thanks baby 
My beautiful funny friend book "Life is not a reality show" is out today!! I can't wait to read it.. #Lifeisnotarealityshow 
Agree!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Girls are watching the Griswold's Christmas Vacation #classic 
love this! Denise's dad will b QUITE a catch! Maybe a Millionaire Matchmaker ep where Denise Richards helps! 
would love to! Girls wanna have a sleepover with Molly..I'll DM my #:) 
thank u.. Hardest chapter to write 
your ears must have been burning....talking to ...ran into him in Mexico...miss u girl! 
Matty G great seeing you and the fam.....lets get kids together soon!! 
yes I do...many 
really?!? this is the first I'm hearing of this...all BS 
thx...I love my kids and always keep the peace. They had the best trip with me and their dad 
I love it actually.... 
many kinky messages about my "cupping" today....hmm...I think the sexier version would be more fun:) 
Just had an amazing session of acupuncture and cupping.... 
thank u so much:) 
I've been sick since thurs....same symptoms as u...still not 100% 
flu:( had fever for four days 
thank you!! any prospects for my dad:) 
right?!? thank u 
thank u very much 
just back from the doctor...still feeling yucky but on the mend! thanks 
aw thank you!! 
if not I'll send! 
very cute! 
thank u! Merry Christmas!!!“@Boobielou2: got ur book 4 Xmas, only a few pages in & I'm glued to it already” 
thank you so much! Hugs back! 
merry christmas!!!!! 
merry Christmas beautiful girl 
merry Christmas to you and Simone!!!! 
merry christmas love!!!! 
My dad got me this cool baby monitor..it works with an iPad!  
Merry Christmas!! Have a happy and safe holiday!!! Lots of love...xo 
have a merry Christmas!!! 
Finishing up wrapping the gifts...so excited for Eloise's first Christmas!!!! 
happy birthday!!! 
thx..don't care what people say.. I care about our daughters 
“@charliesheen: adios Mexico..!!
our pilot... Lola
(instrument rated)
we
Are 
in
great 
poetic
hands!!!!
xoxo c  
Back in la la land...thanks for an amazing trip !! 
I love these girly yet sophisticated pink pumps…  
Last day on our trip feeling so sick:( fever all night..need to get on the plane! 
I love your tweets...you're an inspiration to us all..have a happy holiday!! 
congrats!!! So happy for you! 
congrats!!! So happy for you! 
just sent u a DM:) 
have a fabulous trip and happy holiday!!!...xo 
For my fellow animal lovers, this is a great book for adults and kids alike...Here are some of the some adorable pics..  
they aren't here... 
Good morning... is fishing today..I'm taking the girls to the beach! 
thank you for all the positive feedback with the show tonight......I'm honored to be part of the special. 
thanks mama!! 
thank you we are having a great time! 
thanks for the RT!!...xo 
thank u 
The special I worked on to raise awareness about adoption airs tonight… details here…  
Great morning with the kids...swam with the dolphins..as would say.. it was #epic 
Fun in the sun today....can't get the girls out of the water! Eloise is loving the pool too. 
Dinner with the family...good times!  
Which New Year's Eve look is your favorite?  
congrats! Can't wait to read it!!! 
thanks Nat...we miss u! 
thank you!! 
it's good for our children thats all I care about 
Having a fabulous dinner with the girls ...@charliesheen ordered the Hot Rock..have u had it??  
great day at the beach....gonna hit the lazy river before the sun goes down 
Yummy low-cal ice cream treats...  
thank u 
I'm so sorry...holidays are hard 
Beautiful...  
no just family time 
We have a little visitor!  
Great day with the family...watching the beautiful sunset.. 
Girls are getting braids in their hair..I'm enjoying the hot weather... 
agree!!“@ChrisJacobs70: You can take the kid outta Chicago but you can't take the Chicago outta the kid! Go #Bears  
7 people traveling!! Not all mine:)“@abtor0936: OMG-that can't be all yours surely?” 
exactly! 
We don't travel light!!  
And we're off! The vacay starts.... 
Last minute shopping ...gotta get the family packed for our holiday trip! 
These gorgeous Mary Janes are the Pump of the Week..  
I actually wanna shove the whole basket in my purse... 
Best bread ever!!!!! Pretzel bread...Delish!!  
At a hospital with my girls brownie troop...singing carols & doing activities #proudmama 
A great New Year's resolution...  
Got kids off to school...have a holiday shopping date with baby Eloise 
fun supper club night..much needed! Thanks girls!!!@lisarinna 
Let's chat...  
My live chat is happening right now on my site…  
Chat live with me today about your holiday traditions…details here...  
Getting the house ready for our supper club..I'm hosting tonight. Can't wait for a girls night...yummy menu and holiday cocktail! 
love chuck!! 
best video ever!!!!“@leannechuk: U HAVE to C this amazing dog!!!!!  
amazing!! And love dance class going tomorrow 
thank u for all your lovely emails:) 
6, 7, and 6 months 
thx baby!! 
Had a great workout w/ kim from this am another early one at my house tomorrow..time to get back in the groove! 
thank u she's 6 months 
Finalizing holiday plans...what are yours??? 
no recently actually 
oh no!!!! Well could be 30 below.. 
he's the best!! 
An easy way to give your living space a mini facelift...  
I'm so happy baby Eloise has slept through the night for the 4th night in a row!! 
have fun Rishaaaaard!!!! Enjoy the heat:) 
so does yours 
so happy for you! Congrats my friend!!!!...xo 
I'll be doing a live chat on my site this Wednesday..  
agree! looks the same...ageless 
One of my favorite veggie recipes to make....  
Full day with the kids...at a bday party then decorating our tree today!! 
I'm not actually 
Good morning...happy Sunday!  
I love that Lola wants a towel warmer for Xmas.... 
what a face!! Hope you feel better! I know you're missing our summer weather:) 
your couch is amazing!! 
Breakfast: The Musical is still playing at a computer near you.  Check it out and enter to win a digital tablet! 
and all made it into today's beauty and fashion gift guide  
My beauty and fashion gift suggestions for all the ladies on your list  
Good morning...at the skin genius...polishing and facial for the holidays.... 
love this!!!“@MindyWeiss: We turned a home dining room into a supper club  
Had a big meeting with my agents and manager...really excited for the new year! 
Had an amazing workout with doing #LaBlast ..doesn't even feel like work..such a fun class!!!! 
My gift picks for your four-legged friends..  including and 
I can't complain living in la...but...already can't wait till summer..
#missingtheheatwaves 
me too!! 
Watching #XFactor ..incredible show tonight! 
Here are some of my favorite gifts for the kids...  
Grab a front row seat to breakfast.  Breakfast: The Musical makes rising in the morning more fun! 
not impossible! We r doing it. Sent u dates!@brookeburke 
thank you!! 
might be a blessing in disguise:) 
I'm in love with coco 
sorry here is the link
 
thx honey!! 
Many have asked about my avatar..with strong opinions. A shot from www.thebeautybook.org proceeds go towards fighting brain cancer 
you're so sweet...you're welcome and thank u:) 
Rolled my own for lunch...nothing fancy but delish!  
Sami's letter to Santa...couldn't resist:)  
Snug as a bug! Skipped the workout...taking her for a long walk....  
Eloise rockin her #Aerosmith t-shirt!  
thank you!!! Some like some don't! I appreciate it:)) 
xoxo 
Don't worry I know full well I'm not 22!!! This pic is in www.beautybook.org $ from book goes 4 charities to braincancer 
Reviewing the girls list to Santa..love that they cut & pasted pics with a full description... 
hello brazil!!!!! 
yeah! So happy for you 
Check out some of my favorite interior design gift picks…  
Ooops living room! 
It's pathetic I paid for this expensive remodel & we have to plug in an electric heater from target to get heat in our leaving room 
Got the girls off to school...thinking I should probably workout! 
thank you! 
hmm what makes u think he dumped me:) 
thanks girl:)) 
health!!! “@No1Dallas: if you had to sum up the most important thing in life in one word what would you say and why?” 
me too:) 
Girls are wanting to have Christmas in Ny... 
Did some Christmas shopping today....can't believe the season is here! 
The first in my week of gift guides is for the health-nut on
your list..  
sending you both lots of prayers and love!!!! 
coming back soon? 
Shannon is coming to our potluck! 
These are actually good!  
Just got back from the farmers market in malibu...beautiful crisp morning! 
good morning!! enjoying a cup of coffee....love sunday mornings 
Sam..but she changed it to Sami:) 
xo 
you're so welcome! Thank u for your support:) 
nope 
happy birthday!!!!!! 
Johnny likes 20yr olds:) 
the end of my wild and crazy friday night...9pm..kids are all asleep. I'm going to bed myself. after 4 sleepless nights in a row can't wait! 
oooh!!!!!!!!! even better:)) 
english please:) 
just got a fab tan from my girl 
looks delish! Homemade??“@ChrisJacobs70: Happy Friday everybody!! It's margarita o'clock!!  
cocktails!! 
Love American Girls dolls...Christmas gifts for my girls!  
Are you one of the winners of my #BMS giveaway?  
you'll be fantastic!!! Can't wait to watch! 
This beautiful sling-back from is the perfect shoe for the holidays..  
Good morning! Happy Friday!!!! 
xo 
of course!!!! You're welcome! 
Don't miss the chance to enter the very first giveaway on my site…  
I'm so sorry. I understand all too well...what a wonderful life you gave 
why is it when people take care of themselves they assume you're putting shit in your face?? 
Crap I really have dropped the ball with my workout routine.. 
thanks Min!!!!!!! 
If you missed my appearance on a couple weeks ago, you can check it out right here…  
perfect!! 
when u run out come to our house:) 
Thank you for all your sweet messages about my mom..it's a new day I have so much to be grateful for! 
you're funny.. You holding up ok? 
xoxo 
thank u...xo 
thx honey...xo 
Four years ago today my mom passed away at 53yrs of kidney cancer...many suffer & die from this devastating disease www.kidneycancer.org 
Don't forget to watch the finale of #BlueMountainState on Spike! 
check your DM babe:) 
Lots of great ideas for travel thank you! 
Planning my family holiday trip...where should we go? Snow? 
love it there! 
I’m on facebook too. Don’t forget to “like” my page…  
Whether you're making family dinner or looking for a fun slumber party activity, this is a great project for the kids..  
Good morning ...at Lola's performance for Little Fir Tree.. #proudmama 
love that! 
so happy!! We love her so much 
wow thank u. Means a lot 
I did actually! 
oops typo:) u know what I meant 
aw thank you do much 
one passed away:(( the other is stable....very sad 
Rebecca says goodnight you know!! In her best Minnesota accent:) 
oooh huge compliment ! 
thank I so much 
aw! Single dads are fantastic!! 
thx for joining! I appreciate any feedback too! 
well when I use the word "potty" to adults I know I need more grown up time!!! 
yes she was! And thank you very much 
understand! 
not sure.. You? 
Getting kids off to bed then grown up time with some girlfriends..much needed! 
you're welcome! Miss u:) 
thank you so much! 
Miele! Love it 
Miele! Love it 
I'll check into it! 
congrats on your jewelry!! So happy for you.. 
Afternoon lull!  
I love her!! 
Taking Eloise for a walk..loving this weather 
Taking Eloise for a walk..loving this weather 
so excited for you! 
Had an amazing visit with feels good to keep the body in check 
Today I wanted to share one of my most tried-and-true beauty secrets with all of you…  
Good morning! Got the kids to school....off to an early meeting 
I've got a special giveaway to celebrate the #BlueMountainState finale this Wednesday..  
Spread some holiday joy with to win $250.  Imagine the holiday feast that could get you! 
and you are...how do I put this ...RUDE 
Thanks for the great feedback #HollywoodMomsNight glad you liked it!! 
that picture is from www.thebeautybook.com proceeds go towards brain cancer research 
Girls and I just had a mani... 
Eloise helping Grandpa with   
that's hilarious ! 
Our poor baby kittens aren't doing well...took them to Dr. Rick..hopefully they'll take a turn for the better! 
good morning! beautiful Sunday....last day of the long weekend. Enjoy! 
Working w/ to remind you to help some pit bulls by watching #PitbullsandParolees 10PM tnite  
happy birthday!!!! 
nope ask my ex husband 
love it there!! Enjoy:) 
Loving this summer weather...80 degrees out! Taking the baby and big girls for a walk... #fb 
mine was up half the night... #tired mommy 
Don't miss “Hollywood Moms Night” tomorrow at 8/7c on TV Guide Network. Have dinner with and 
your dogs are so cute!! 
Working w/ to remind you to help some pit bulls by watching #PitbullsandParolees 10PM tomorrow  
congrats on your baby girl! So happy for you & your family!!!! 
Felt so good to sweat at #LaBlast dance class..great way to kickoff the weekend 
Check out my very first Pump of the Week post..  
The Possibility shop has great ideas for throwing a fun-draiser. Have family fun and give back at the same time!  
nope..I wish:) 
well I'd love for you to be happy forever:) 
amazing thank u 
thank you!! 
Thank you for coming to dinner.....at least it's never boring! Lol!!! 
Yummy dessert..raspberries with balsamic vinegar delicious & healthy!  
Happy Thanksgiving!!!! I'm so grateful for all of you and your support. I hope you all have a happy and safe holiday....xo 
Safe Thanksgiving foods for your pup...  
thank u! Happy Thanksgiving 
thank you, you too! 
Sami setting the chargers  
Lola hard at work rolling napkins  
Place setting so far  
so cute!! 
Here's what I've learned from the different age gaps between my three daughters..  
Keep the kids busy  this long weekend with ideas from The Possibility Shop. Ever tried an indoor family camping trip? 
congrats on an amazing season... Everyone fell in love with you all over again! 
congrats on an amazing season!!!! 
they are so cute!!! 
I understand!!! 
Any #dwts update?? 
Healthy salads for dinner..  
Meet one of our fosters Ginger!  
thanks Jay baby!!! 
Doing some thanksgiving shopping for our table..big group coming for dinner 
Good morning..kids off to school..last day before the holiday weekend! 
wow huge compliment thank you 
exactly! I know it's tough sometimes... 
Watch my friend Chris's new show!@chrisbharrison: tonight's premiere episode of "You Deserve It' 9/8c ABC. Couldn't be prouder of this show! 
they don't deserve your energy! 
I love that!pj's on thanksgiving !! 
thx mama 
how are the freestyles on #DWTS??? 
thank you for all your positive feedback on my site..means alot.... 
yes I do:) 
thanks for your support:) 
thank you!! 
Here are some things I'm especially thankful for this year…  
thank you!! Great day with all the doggies.. Thank u 
I want to introduce you to my brand new site...I hope you like it! Check it out...  
Little mama had 2 so far!  
So happy you were there!“@charliesheen: saturday is soccer!
here's three great reasons why I love my weekends!
xo c  
no more It's complicated:) 
thank you!!! 
aw thank you so much... 
love that you're on twitter mama! Lola is having 2nd thoughts about Daisies.. 
We had no idea a cat we rescued was pregnant...so far one kitten was born.. 
you're welcome on thanksgiving! 
the girls have friends over...next weekend? 
with 3 kids in tow?!? 
I want one of those for mine!! 
we should have a reunion dinner! 
Pouring rain....nice day to organize 
Girls had religious ed class this am.. Beautiful message about Thanksgiving puts everything in perspective 
Very strong opinions of my new pic...appreciate all your honesty:) the change was long overdue! I'll be changing again soon!! 
thank u!!“@MyPoshJeans: A little morning read... Get Glam Metallic & Leather Look  
Good morning... Sleepless night. Baby Eloise was up a couple times. Getting girls breakfast. Have a great day! 
Girls & I are heading to a launch party for Much Love animal rescue...lots of animals for them to see 
Lost soccer game :( they were good sports.... 
have a great trip!!! See you soon.. 
just saw your tweet..enjoy..one day they won't wanna be with us on weekends! 
love you too! 
aw thank you 
Good morning!! Day with the kids...love my daughter's soccer games happy we didn't get rained out today 
congrats on your beautiful baby boy! So happy for you and your family!! 
no.... French and German 
Friday night dinner with kids..Grandpa making pancakes!!  
yes my daughter:) 
Someone loves cereal! #babyeloise  
me too summer girl!! 
Picking the girls up from school..always love to see their smiling faces! 
we are seeing Happy Feet 2! 
that sounds quite fun..my girls would love that 
What is everyone doing this weekend? 
love it all! One stop shop for a fab wardrobe! 
I cried watching you and Regis this am...very touching 
I'm so sorry. Sending her prayers.. 
little girl was sound asleep:) 
Our Xmas card!!@JOANNASCHLIP Back stage at "A home for the Holidays!" check out   
#happyfeet 2 opens today! Can't wait to take the kids!  #ad 
Good morning! Best coffee ever..  
Alice and Olivia! 
beautiful view! 
how the hell do you know what my day was? you have no idea what I deal with. "hectic" wasn't getting my kids, thats the easy part 
thank you so much 
is daughter doing ok? 
you're so sweet!!! not perfection at all:)) 
Beautiful touching night..supporting 
www.davethomasfoundation.org the special airs before Christmas on #CBS 
are you kidding me? Wow ...you need to think before you tweet 
About to go on...my girls are with me.. Eloise fell asleep in my dressing room:)  
Going with a red lip again!  
Hectic day...picking girls up from school. Bringing them all to set while I film a home for the holidays..a special for foster children. 
I've heard worst actually...thank you though!! 
hey baby can't DM u...you ain't following me:) how r u jake baby??? 
Did anyone catch #BlueMountainState tonight?? 
sorry I missed the other night heard it was amazing...you look gorg in the book 
11 days?!? Oh my are you ok?? Was it food poisoning? 
Ok some of you think my soup sucks...I guess it tasted better than it looked:) 
New episode of #BlueMountainState on tonight on Spike! 
Yum!!  
Girls are doing homework...I'm making a big pot of homemade chicken noodle soup.. 
thank you!! 
aw thank you 
thank you! It's so fab and got many compliments:) 
Taping a special tomorrow A Home For the Holidays & a PSA for www.davethomasfoundation.org for adoption..going to be a touching evening 
thank u...I love sharing things to moms & dads. & I love when people share with me! 
very easy! 
thank you so much 
so beautiful thank you! 
it's amazing! I love it..so easy 
thank u so much 
love love that top! 
congrats!!! Can't wait to hear 
thank you!! 
Eloise has started eating solids..making sweet potato purée..this is so helpful moms and dads!!  
thank you:) 
thank u so much 
Good morning..got the kids off to school and just finished my workout with kim from feel great! 
very heavy episode ...wow.. 
thank u 
helmut Lang pants, Georgie Jacket, Heather Top, and Louboutin shoes :))) 
thank u 
the designer is Georgie thx:) 
thank u 
thank u so much! 
yes:) 
aw thank you:) 
thank u! 
no..she scratched herself:( Just trimmed her nails 
yes actually:) getting ready to catch up on last nights show ..she definitely won't be sleeping thru that!! 
Well someone doesn't look tired!! #fb  
Wow thank you so much for your kind messages with my appearance on #ChelseaLately means a lot!! Thank u 
5 months 
how about leather pants?!? 
thank you!! Had some help from & !!! 
congrats on all that Nat!! We miss u ...need to start our Sunday dinners again...xo 
Giving Eloise her bottle before bed..hoping she sleeps tonight :) 
Me and  
Always have to tweet a pic of behind the scenes...with my glam squad  
Getting ready for my appearance on #ChelseaLately .. 
there is light at the end of the tunnel:) 
thank God your coffee didn't spill! 
thank you so much! 
nope I am not 
I have no idea what that means! 
yup:) 
Felt yucky all day :( canceled my evening staying home resting...at least #RHOBH is on & can catch up on #dwts hope you all had a great day! 
that story is hysterical....your butt is perfect:) 
Good morning..as would say.... hi Monday 
so happy you're going! Congrats on such a great season 
Getting a mani pedi...have an event tomorrow for www.thebeautybook.org 
Happy Sunday!  
who I think is a skin genius is at Nordstrom at south cost plaza until 3pm his products are amazing!!! 
ours got rained out!! 
Happy Saturday..rainy day in la. Sami's soccer game was cancelled..hanging with the kids today 
it's moving towards you I bet! 
I miss all our nicknames we had for each other! Remember the sticky buns in Wyoming? #goodtimes 
And here comes the pouring rain.. 
their school has the younger kids sing..it's very sweet actually 
thank you so much!! 
6, 7, and 5 months 
thank you so much 
Just watched my girls sing at Homecoming for their school.. #proudmama 
I just got the #DroidRazr from I love it! -so sleek! Out today 11.11.11 #spon  
don't be sad ...negative people arent worth it. I can't thank u enough for your support..xo 
thank u:) 
you're really a judgemental prick... 
This book is 4 a very good cause..I'm honored to be in it www.thebeautybook.org 
In a fitting for #ChelseaLately I'll be on her show Tues! 
I honestly never saw it..I get many msgs try to read them all but do miss some..I'm terribly sorry 
honestly I get quite a few I try as best I can..sorry 
Can't sleep:(..... #insomnia 
One of our fosters is getting a new home..happy for her but so sad to see her go:( 
thank u and I always love to hear from u! 
wow! Are u a stylist??? 
thank u 
you're so kind thank you 
well I gotta put it all together:) 
What should I wear on #ChelseaLately next week?? Dress??? 
I agree! Stay home if you're sick!! 
loving your book!!! “@MartynBullard "Magazine features on latest book "Live, Love & Decorate""  
Preparing snacks for my daughter's brownie troop. Hmm I did an apple, string cheese & goldfish... 
love that! 
I'm not actually!! French and German 
very cute! 
how r u ?? Just saw your tweet:) 
thank u that's a huge compliment 
ooh! I've never worn that one!! 
Thx for the positive feedback on #BlueMountainState west coast tune in! SpikeTv! 
thank u! 
So many great recipes you sent me thank you!! 
thanks for having me on the show so great seeing you!! 
my daughter sami is so sweet she made her teacher a peanut butter & honey sandwich she knew she liked & packed it for tomorrow...#proudmama 
thank u so much! 
ahh looks good! 
can u eat the peel? 
Anyone have a good recipe for yummy persimmons??  
we did:) 
Mac wonder woman Russian Red:) gorg! 
how r u babe? 
thank u...we love her so much 
Our first pizza in our pizza oven #disaster we need lessons on perfecting the pizza!!  
thank u it's so comfortable!!! 
rishaaard! Thx for my fab hair and curling iron!!! 
so happy you smiled thank u very much 
oh you're so sweet nice to meet you too! 
wasn't it?? Mine was hot pink:) 
aw thank you.. 
Loving red lips for fall...thank u !! 
I would say her too!@Jharden819 Who wore it better?@KourtneyKardash or  for sure! 
Remember the RAZR?? is launching the new 4GLTE #droidrazr on 11.11.11 at 11:11am. Can't wait to check it out! #spon 
Just finished doing my interview on #GoodDayLA new episode of #BlueMountainState tonight on SpikeTv! 
Hmm I looked annoyed getting make up this early:) love my glam squad  
Lola loves her Levi's ! 
I appreciate all of you!!! 
Good morning...time for coffee 
Good night...early call tomorrow gonna be on Good Day La...sleep tight everyone happy dreams... 
this is why I like block you idiot 
So sad to hear about Heavy D...my heart goes out to him and his loved ones .. 
congrats!@sfadesign exciting day named partner of Smith + Firestone (formerly Sue Firestone) Associates  
thank u:) 
no the complete opposite 
beautiful family! 
home 
home that was filmed for reality show 
almost two years! 
Sleeping beauty..baby Eloise just ate and fell right to sleep... #fb  
One child still under the weather...home resting. I'm still unpacking boxes from our move! We are so happy to be back in our home.. 
Watching #dwts two daughters asleep one to go! 
I didn't get the blast email!!! I'll be there:) next retreat?? 
well wherever you are looks delish!!! 
are u teaching this week??? Need to go to class bad! 
screwed around? 
she's mesmerized when you come on the screen! It's so cute 
I keep hearing that thank u 
So hard watching show today..we lost my aunt to suicide, so difficult to get through. Feel for the family 
thank u! 
how are you babe??? 
Love this picture of Eloise..she's quite smitten w/ this was 2am me catching up on #wwhl  
Have some press appearances coming up...figuring out what to wear:) #GoodDayLa and #ChelseaLately 
yes would love that! When you back? 
Making homemade chicken noodle soup one daughter is home from school not feeling to good... 
#happyfeet2 looks so cute! Can’t wait 2 take the kids!  #busymamas get their tix early!!  #ad 
thx for coming over loved hanging....xo 
oregano oil! 
Good morning! Happy Monday... 
Need coffee!! Morning! 
thank you so much ! And for your help:) 
Night out came to an end..watching tv feeding baby Eloise.... 
Fun night...dinner with & then off to a bday...hope you had a good one! 
Sitting in the worst Los Angeles traffic....no I'm not driving:) 
All new episode of #BlueMountainState tonight on Spike!!!! 
Busy with work ....back to soccer mom! 
missing the tiny meals:) 
9 th grade 
just got back home freezing here...so bummed missed u:( 
happy birthday!!!! 
1 1/2 yr ago 
congrats!!!! 
I did.. 
happy bday! 
thank u...I really wanna go. Soon I will plan a visit 
that's always good! 
oooh you're handy!!!! Gotta love that! 
thank u:) 
aw thank u! I was very intimidated working on the show 
Paul!!!! Didn't know u were on here..babe!!!! Miss u...xo 
DM me 
thank you...:) 
wish I was there! One day I'll visit! 
Good morning...happy Friday..busy day. Fittings, meetings, What are your weekend plans?? 
thank u fun show to
do 
anytime!!! Miss you girls 
I love this!“@ShannaMoakler: "If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales." ~ Einstein” 
yeah well...they don't actually have it. But nothin to be embarrassed about with a Li'l lice :) 
do I get it online? 
Lice is going around at school..trying to prevent it. My daughter went with olive oil and tea tree in her hair ...hope it works. 
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!! “@fifthjoker:can I get a RT, just hit 51st birthday today.” 
Amazing home decor sites you sent me, thank you! 
Good morning !! Happy Thursday almost the weekend! 
that's the problem..10 lessons still doesn't get it! Lol...#nohope 
omg what kind of tweet was that? Clearly distracted with the tv on lol! U know what I meant:) 
I thought you fell off face I'd the earth Ed with your lack of tweeting.. 
Kids are asleep...relaxing..thinking of doing online shopping for accessories for our home..favorite sites?? 
honey text me your cell lost my contacts:( 
so excited about #TopChef 
of course!!! Thank u! She's my little banana girl:) 
yes I can:) 
of course!!! 
that was a bad night:( 
Thanks for the amazing cookbook ideas!!! 
oh honey I'm so sorry....it's always difficult.. Sending u love babe 
Older pets make the best cuddlers because they have the most experience!  #oldfriends via 
I let the girls watch #liarliar they love literally belly laughs! I know they may be a bit young #dontjudgeme 
that's why we love u!! 
Help stop baby abandonment go to  and sign up for the Bucks for Babies fundraiser... 
I love waltz for a french instead of pink or beige marshmellow is my fav tho 
working on other products! 
no... 
you cook?? I'm impressed:) great seeing you the other day 
Found most amazing cookbook..what's your favorite cookbook??  
um I don't 
agree best ever !!! 
you're welcome...I'm in awe:) lol!!! Wish my ass could move like that... 
Goodnight tweeps!!!! 
Just saw perform on #DWTS wow!!!!!! 
insane dance...wow!!! I had to play it back so sexy..fantastic!!! 
big Kiss!! 
thx babe love u too! 
actually you're pretty funny drunk schweetbabe 
“@MuldoonPatrick: didn't you just remodel your house? : )”

@DENISE_RICHARDS
Um are u drunk schweetbabe??? 
I got my friends patron & jack waiting for u schweetbabe take your pick!@MuldoonPatrick Hide the tequila schweeeet baaaabe!” 
happy birthday beautiful mama!!! 
girls text me your # lost my contacts:( 
great message thanks for posting... 
I'll be there! 
Off to carpool picking up the girls from school..where did the day go? 
ooh!!“@ItsBrynnieBitch: is so beautiful. i may have gone lesbian in 98' watching Wild Things in my basement #steamyScenes” 
Marla you will love her..just finished my home it's stunning..I'm beyond thrilled 
Doing voice over for #BlueMtState funny episode!!! New one airs tomorrow 
my daughter 
all 3 are my girls 
I actually told my friend that exact same thing! 
Before trick or treating..3's a charm!!  
I guess that's good recycling:) 
thx for saying that... 
exactly!! Z 
Good morning...tough getting kids off to school post Halloween...anyone else have that issue this am??? 
Great night with the kids....they are wiped out. So is mommy:) 
where r u?? 
come to our house 
just saw it...so fantastic!!! Love it 
How's #DWTS ?? 
Ok girls got their costumes on...time for some trick or treating!! 
congrats beautiful girl! Welcome to the best club ever #parenthood 
#siri is the greatest thing ever on the iphone 
my new blog! “@iVillage: In latest blog post for us, she writes why she wants you to adopt a pet  
working mama...hard to miss things...xo 
ha!“@PonchoTrevino: im the one on the left... Can u guess what my costume is? Hahaha happy halloween  
adorable!!!“@Taylorluke: these are my kids :) Elizabeth Swan and Anakin Skywalker  
so cute!!!!“@KSmithDesigner: Nadia as Toto for Halloween  
Happy Halloween!!! Hope everyone had a fun and safe Halloween..post some pics of your costumes would love to see! 
Can't believe Halloween is tomorrow...Thanksgiving & Christmas right around the corner #notready 
I'm actually jealous..that 1st snowfall is beautiful!“@dinamanzo: and we're shoveling snow : (” 
Relaxing day with the girls...almost nov and they're swimming in the pool... 
no bananas baby 
thank you:) 
So proud of Sami her soccer team won for the first time this season!! #proudmama 
You know you're flying a lot when all your snacks in your purse are airplane nuts 
Happy Saturday..busy day with the kids. Hope everyone has a good one! 
ah!!! I think I have an idea 
I'm connected to you babe! 
so jealous!!!“@SimonHuck: It started snowing!!!! #NYC” 
great costume!!! 
not so much... 
I love u:) 
thank u so much 
4 1/2 months 
4 1/2 months 
thank u...she's my little angel 
lovely 
I get many messages and do my best to answer 
absolutely! Thank u for asking 
Eloise watching while I catch up on WWHL...  
My new hair products avail jan!  
What's everyone dressing up as for Halloween? 
Baby Eloise is going as a banana! Her costume is so cute!!! 
Good morning!Got the kids off to school in their Halloween costumes. They have a school performance,Sami is cat in the hat Lola is Rapunzel 
I didn't..it was a RT 
yes I do ! 
“happy birthday!!@hockeycj14: any chance I can get a RT or a happy bday for my 20th birthday? Big fan! #please :)” 
At least the pilot came on to tell us who won!! 
so bummed I missed the game!!“@CardsFanKrista: #11in11 Go Cards!!!!!! Amazing game! #worldseries #BestGameEver” 
thank u..I'll always be there for him 
thank you so much!! 
I didn't get married! “@donuts4me: hey didn't know u had married again didn't even know u liked baseball wow that's great” 
thank you so much!! 
yes he does! 
yeah!!!!!!!'nn“@BravoAndy: In LA Raising many glasses to the St. Louis Cardinals and my husband David Freese! #11in11  
Back in la! Gotta get up in 6 hrs for the kids.. 
thank you! 
yes I will:) 
thank u so much 
One more interview and off to la! Miss my girls!! 
yes I did! 
Interviews are going great..my line will be available in Jan.. 
gabry baby the link isn't up 
Good morning...in hair and make up getting ready . 
Off to bed..meeting beauty editors tomorrow for my haircare line ..need my beauty zzzzz goodnight! 
I'm so sorry I will pray for her... 
yuck I have no make up on!!! 
Starving..... 
virgin! 
Landed in NY! Love it here...quickest trip ever, heading back tomorrow 
Best flight ever with on the plane....Mr. Funnypantz !!!! 
watching top chef desserts on while in flight...making the time pass! 
you in ny mama?? 
yup married and 5mo pregnant with our first daughter! 
I agree!!!!! miss gorgeous herself:) 
not a fan either... 
thank u so much really excited to be on it 
new york...24hr trip! 
said I can bother him during flight...I think he's sleeping:) maybe I'll take a pic! 
yes....love all of them their chemistry and different personalities make the show 
me too! thank you...see you in a couple days 
love having internet on the flight....catching up on emails! 
my girls do cartwheels on the playpen couch we love it....best ever for a family room! 
still in awe of my home....so stunning! you did an amazing job...Love it so much 
thank you so much.. 
Good morning! Off to NY...quick trip! 
it was a disaster 
well...I hope so :) I like to keep it real 
what kind of dough? Did you make your own? 
Well I have much appreciation for pizzerias this is going to take some practice! 
Who's going home on #dwts 
Busy day just finished soccer practice with the kids heading home to make our first pizza in our new pizza oven...girls can't wait! 
my latest blog for  
that's what I thought! 
I will try thank you!! 
I do!! 
oooh! Can't wait 
My iPhone crashed..lost every contact:( 
good morning.... 
Gorg!!!!!!!!!!! 
well try to install my twitter app on my phone again and the whole damn phone completely died.. 
just heard about the devastating earthquake in Turkey...praying for all of you 
and how do you not look tired? !!!!!!!!!! 
not sure what's going on haven't been able to see my mentions for 2 days and I love responding to you!! 
saw pics of babies cute! wow..did she have a make up artist in the delivery room?? sure wish I looked that good giving birth 
Good morning! Been up for hours doing last minute packing..moving day! 
Packing all day.....big move tomorrow! 
Good morning.. Made breakfast, lunches, getting girls off to school... Happy Friday! 
Morning! Got the kids off to school...packing up our house moving this weekend back into our home we remodeled! 
Curious who left #dwts 
luv you so much too! Thank u 
Just got back from my daughter's soccer practice...gorgeous sunny warm afternoon! 
Landed! Back in la....always good to be home. 
miss you! 
Just wrapped #30Rock so sad it's over...what an amazing cast and crew. Honored to work on this show! 
yes I am:) btw...what an intense reunion!!!! 
positive thoughts and prayers to you both...sending you love...xo 
Shooting outside...lots of paparazzi a little intimidating:) 
Thank u! Hope u enjoy:)“@kritkonig: Look what I'm using as my jury duty entertainment today  
Good morning...happy Monday! Last day for me on #30Rock 
wow!!!! 5 min in and already heated!! 
thank you...can't wait for halloween!!!!! 
Quiet Sunday evening...waiting for the #RHONJ reunion to start while studying my lines for #30Rock filming tomorrow! 
thank you girl!! 
My thoughts and prayers are with and his loved ones.. What a sad day. #IndyCar #danwheldon” 
can't even imagine:) you always handle yourself gracefully 
thank you!! Loved filming that movie! 
yes! Can't wait to watch 
working on a new blog for 
haha! Don't think he'll ever live in wedded bliss! 
just saw your finale and previews for the reunion..wow.....will be watching tonight 
good morning....laying in bed. just ordered room service, reading Ny times & watching sunday morning! 
happy birthday!! 
happy birthday! The best is yet to come! 
you got it!! Come back to twitter 
thank u...love working on it 
Had the best dinner with friends tonight..love walking around NY, something I miss in la. Lovely fall night. 
Just had the most amazing milk bath pedicure at ...love! happy 15th birthday Bliss!! 
Love the smell of chestnuts roasting... 
just had an amazing workout... kicked my butt! feel like I can do anything after that class! 
Room with a view...an amazing view!  
good morning..gorgeous day in NY. having coffee and off to workout 
Fun day on set....off all weekend. What should I do in NY?? 
yes it is...thank you! 
don't assume!!! Just ex's having dinner together nothing more 
thanks hon...see u soon!!..,xo 
please come to the retreat mama!! Call u soon:) 
right?!? I miss my Andy:) 
In hair & make up at 30 Rock  
gotta keep it about the kids..she'll come around hopefully 
of course I'll reply!! Thank u:) 
Good morning! Rainy day...off to set soon. Happy Friday 
thx best for the kids! 
friendly.. 
me too:( hoping next week is a heat wave too! 
thank you!!! I didn't see.. 
Had a nice mellow dinner w/ & some friends in NY...off to bed early call for 30rock 
my heart is broken for him and his family 
good morning....gloomy day in NY. visiting the lab for my new perfume today, will post pics! hope everyone has a great day! 
agree! 
oooh!!! He's a cutie patootie 
Hotel robes are always cozier than the ones at home! 
someone originally took it..wonder If I can change?? 
love summer weather! 
thanks Joey!!! 
thank u so much for your support!!! 
Don't forget to catch a new episode of #bluemountainstate tonight on Spike!! 
thank you for saying that means alot 
Just ordered grilled cheese and fries off the kids menu...for myself. Delish 
thx honey 
thanks Gorg!!! Miss u:) 
that's very thoughtful of you thank u 
thank you so much! 
aw thank you! They are way better looking than their mama:) 
Great day on set! Amazing cast.... 
I mean..how cute is our Hank??  
thanks mama!!!! Miss u:) 
Happy Birthday my beautiful friend...xo 
thanks girl!!! I wanna see you when I get back if you're in town:) 
In hair and make up at #30Rock..very funny episode. Thrilled to be part of it! 
agree!!!! 
Start filming #30Rock tomorrow...early call! Really excited to be working on the show.. 
Landed safely!!! 
congrats beautiful mama! 
Flight is being held up by angry passenger.... 
yes they are! Didn't want them missing school! 
that's crazy!! Hope you enjoy my book:) 
On another plane...quite a bit of traveling next few weeks!! Hope everyone has a great day.. 
get to work!! 
thanks honey!! 
thank you so much! 
My first blog with : My Home Life Is "Organized Chaos"  
Good morning! Going to be a great week....Rise and Grind!!! 
very true! 
most of my childhood 
miss u Nat:) 
thank you.. I think you're awesome too:) 
love you too! 
exactly! 
Went to a very touching memorial last night and beautiful Baptism today... 
Happy Sunday...trying to organize next couple weeks..three trips to NY.never enough time in the day to get everything done! 
aw well thats very kind of you! 
kids and baby are asleep finally....been up since 4am. would love a grown up evening, but thinking an evening of Tivo might be good! 
yes...they were actually a gift for her 
I do! Yes I cook:). “@Brandzvannoort: do u make the chicken noodle soup? Or does someone else make it? :)” 
Making homemade chicken noodle soup...everyone at our house is feeling a bit run down! 
Thank you..“@CBBVips: PHOTO: and her girls welcome fall!  
I think girl too! 
Eloise rockin her jeans  
I was asked but didn't do the episode:) 
Good morning.. Getting ready for a long day. Listening to Lynyrd Skynyrd 
#simpleman 
So sad about Steve Jobs...my heart goes out to his family and loved ones 
really?!? Thank you so much! 
thx for the RT girl! 
thank you I'm thrilled! 
can't wait for your book! 
that bath is amazing 
thx for the RT 
So excited!! I'm going to be doing an episode of #30Rock! one of my favorite shows!!!!! 
help us provide more camps 2 kids whose parents have cancer! Vote & RT  ! 2 HRS!” 
Happy Birthday!! 
good morning! rainy day in la. family keeps passing something back and forth, Sami's not feeling good. Calling you this am 
Help support children of cancer victims. Only 4 hours left in a race for $1M. Vote and RT!  
goodnight!! 
of course! Happy Birthday baby! 
love this quote! 
just saw schweetbabe your hilarious. 
agree! Damn bastard discovered the fountain of youth 
gorgeous! My Grandma lived in Wisconsin..spent alot of time there 
ha! No worries:) 
right there with you schweetbabe! 
hmmm I was told someone else 
:(( 
aw thanks!!!! 
#DWTS update my east coast and mid westerners??? 
So excited! Our home will be ready to move back in, in a week! Lots of blood, sweat, and tears went into this remodel.... 
this breaks my heart. What a strong brave girl.... 
Yes! Yesterday 85 today high 60's!“@Mom2TeenBoys: which means it's below 80? :) How does Fall look in LA?” 
Fall has arrived in la! 
thx...I wanted to keep it real..otherwise didn't want to do no more 
Heading to NY next week for a few days...mom guilt, take kids out of school or does Grandpa watch them?? I'm leaning towards grampy 
thank you! Always fun working with a friend! Love Dean Cain 
nope voice over on some lines... 
Time for a visit with ..my skin needs some TLC after summer! No matter how much sunscreen I use, my skin needs help! 
agree! My family always comes first never sweat the small stuff! 
guess I shouldve explained it! 
Good morning! Getting girls to school, I'm off to a meeting then ADR for #BlueMtState.. have a great day! 
sounds fab! 
gorgeous my friend! 
Good morning..  
no class! 2am was feeding my baby daughter 
so happy thank you! enjoy:) 
so happy my dad my homemade soup for me....girls wanted soup from a can instead! 
yup one ex-hubby is all I can handle:) 
aw you just made my weekend!! 
no rest for mama today..been up since 2am.. had to get my kids to a class this morning and their tennis lesson. starting to feel better tho 
error... 
Happy Birthday pretty mama!! 
gonna need it today...gotta take care of the kids 
you got it!! 
I know:(( 
not great..thank you. Taking every vit c remedy! 
Been up since 2am...at least I have ..time for #JustDesserts 
#mamaneedssleep 
that's a great idea 
Up feeding baby Eloise. My sore throat is back...hoping she doesn't get it
#cantgetbabysick 
loving my lashes..thx for the tip!! My girls swiped the little slippers:) 
thanks babe!!!! Such a fun show to work on...thank for the opportunity...xo 
me too! This damn remodel has turned into a full time job! 
Me and Hank!!“@corsairboss: Saw this at the Grocery Store ..!!!  
Tune in!!“@lala: Back on today during the 11pm hour! Joining for Tune in RT” 
you should be on the show! 
Good morning! Happy Friday! 
we are just getting over sore throats! Try oregano oil..it really works! 
We're all watching #xfactor..loving this show 
miss you!! 
Spent the afternoon at the beach with my girls...lovely day. 
Girls don't have school...hanging with them all day. Just found out my shampoo launches in Jan. I'll be doing some give-aways!! 
Blue Mt state is on tonight..don't forget to watch! Spike tv!! 
yes! 
Our french bulldog Hank stepped on my phone..set that last tweet! Oops 
I'm not worried but thank you anyway 
Who got voted off #DWTS?? 
thank you! 
news to me. Last week was their highest ratings 
Baby Eloise is napping next to me..catching up on emails & gonna watch real housewives of bev hills..how was last night's episode?? 
Happy Birthday Schweetbabe!!!!! Love you!! 
Getting house ready for our move..lots of spring cleaning..lots to donate! 
SB you know even with a cold I can't sit still..too much to do! I will be watching you though!! So happy for you 
Can't wait to see you back on #dool schweeetbabe!!!@MuldoonPatrick 
Good morning...darn caught my girls cold:(( could be worse.... 
Having mommy/daughter manicures with the girls & their friends & mommies 
The girls took this of our dog..looks like she's laughing  
The girls took this of our dog..looks like she's laughing  
The girls took this of our dog..looks like she's laughing  
Good morning! Happy Sunday  
Just got back from Sami's soccer game! She did great...happy to see cheer her on...#proudparents 
Morning! Happy Friday! My daughter has been up since 3am...I'm a little sleepy:) too much to do.. Gotta suck it up! 
the mags make stuff up. People think I don't talk cuz of child support,we don't have a clause even if I trash I'd still get $ 
thx baby 
thank you!! Then you'll love the season!! 
happy birthday!!! 
So looking forward to just relaxing in front of the tv tonight...what's everyone watching?? 
we all love you!! 
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Anniversary to everyone 
#Happy20thEquinox 
Good morning... Forced myself to do my workout.. Feel great! Getting kids off to school & I'm off to a meeting! Have a great day! 
Great night at Soho house...thanks for all your messages about #BlueMtState tonight... 
Thank you!!“@AKAMomMag: Cover turned out great! You are amazing!” 
On my way to a party for #BMS don't forget to watch tonight!! on Spike!! 
I always wonder where magazines and websites get "their source" when they do their stories... 
Good morning! Didn't want to workout this am...pushed myself so glad I did! Kim at is amazing!!! 
amazing! 
Anyone know who got voted off #DWTS?? 
you are terribly missed on the show 
more than I get...I really don't sleep well and have learned to function. Not the healthiest but .... 
thank you! 
thank you...I ignore the negativity life is too short! Thx for your support 
a week! 
I just do! Keep moving forward 
hmmm is there something in the media I'm not aware of?? 
A little pampering...or maintenance:) having my hair highlighted ... 
no..I don't think what went down the last 6 mo is very funny.. 
yes 
Good morning! Finished making the girls lunches, worked out and it's only 6:30am!! 
happy birthday beautiful mama!!!!! 
you're the most beautiful woman there tonight!! Stunning!!!!!! 
Have a good night!! 
thanks for having me... What a lovely day!! So happy for you and your family! 
amazing!!! Thank you. 
vitamins for dogs...nope. 
stabbed u in the back? By doing what? 
we missed you..how's baby girl?? 
it's not out yet. You should perhaps work on being a more positive person. 
not really!! 
“@brookeburke blast at baby shower. Great food, company, kids crafts & baby Elouise. ...  
xoxo“@lisarinna: RT :) - HOT WOMEN  
so excited to celebrate with you guys! 
it's a fun episode! 
Thx 4 this!  
right back at you mama of four!! 
Good morning...happy Saturday! 
thank you! 
good luck! So exciting!! 
Challenging day today...gotta decompress from it all..staying positive!! Onward and upward... 
thank you so much! 
I workout at home 5:30-6:30 then get kids up and off to school! 
oh she did! 
I work out at home 
On my way to a meeting...baby Eloise is coming with! 
good morning....had a great workout. got one daughter off to school, the other is home sick already! too early in the year!! 
Spent the whole day at our home we've been working on...getting closer to moving in. I'll share more pics soon. So excited..fresh start! 
Just got images for packaging for my new perfume...can't wait to share! 
wow thank you! 
so gorgeous! A mini Ty!!!! Can't wait to meet him:) 
Where did the day go??? Not enough hours!!!! 
you look gorgeous!! 
Ugh..been awake since 2am.... 
love her grandpa too! 
Finished parents night..my dad came with, couldn't be in two classes at once for both girls..#bestgrandpaever 
Finished helping my daughter with her homework..have parents night at school. 
Well I missed the boat on Missoni and Target...heard the bike was really cool! 
Am I missing something with Target today?!? 
just saw...thank you.. 
kicked my a** this am...so challenging but fantastic workout! Feel like I can accomplish anything today! 
I'm working out in about 10min.....is my house causing you a sleepless night:) 
good morning...trying to get motivated for my 5:30 am workout..not the best sleep last night but I will push through! 
I love this so much thank you...card coming soon:) thank you... 
love it so much thank you! Matches her new room beautifully!!! 
thank you..can't change people but can change how they affect you 
If you love parties and weddings..follow she's amazing & posts great pics..lots of good ideas! She's done many for me! 
I can't believe I missed that one:) 
Runyon canyon? 
poor thing! Love that you got him!! 
xoxo 
Thx Joey!! “@TheJoeyParker: joins the September 11 'I Will' PSA!  (VIDEO)” 
my thoughts and prayers are with all the families & loved ones affected by the devastating tragedy of 9/11 We will never forget.... 
thanks babe... 
be safe! 
thank you so much!! 
I do too actually...love the summer heat! 
Beautiful night...fall is definitely in the air!!! 
no:) different party! 
my baby daughter 
I will not 
Putting the baby asleep and getting ready for a party... 
Sami just had her first soccer game!! They didn't win but the girls had fun... 
no he did not 
thank you so much!! have a great weekend:) 
I'm doing some of that tomorrow! 
good for you great cause! 
good morning...happy saturday...busy day with the kids! whats everyone doing today?? 
more... 
late FF# 
what?!? they know that already?? 
ha! Gotta love mama Deanna 
when he proposes!! I think Deanna would be happy 
jealous! 
thanks babe..you are a huge inspiration...love all that you do!! 
Thank you for all your book suggestions....so many! I really appreciate it 
Good morning...5:30 am trying to wake up. Getting ready to workout. Painfully early!! Coffee!!!!!! 
so happy you're reading it:) 
thx sha...can't wait for play dates! 
I need a good book to read...any suggestions?? 
so good! Smiling so much...we are so in love with her... 
Long day...finished our night routine. Girls are in bed..how was everyone's day?? 
I agree!!! 
yes! the Real Girl Next Door! 
thanks doll:) 
thank you for that!! 
I did not actually:) 
I did not actually:) 
“@PsychicNatalie: If you live in hot weather, don't leave your dog in the car.7.16am and 79 degrees already.” 
Happy Birthday 
I'll have you over! Lunch soon? 
thank you for your support:) 
Dropped girls off ..first day back to school! I'm volunteering at hot lunch today... 
today is first day! 
you too mama! 
Good morning... 
Sha!!!!!!!!!!!! she's crawling??? 
I'll text you baby 
I'm feeling a gimlet schweetbabe!!! When??? 
thanks baby 
loved doing that show!! 
Ok kids are sound asleep...first day of school tomorrow! #proudmama 
thank you so much 
agree:) 
I've learned to not judge people you never know what goes on behind closed doors 
I have worked my ass off and saved alot for my home. Easy to make negative comments.Others have asked about my home & like pics 
yes! I'll DM you 
how was Chicago?? 
no 
it's actually real stone! 
indoor...I did an outdoor cabana with cooking area as well! 
Thank you!“@amandafisler: I mean, enjoying book #can'tputitdown” 
shit I wish I knew that it was a date!!! He's a hot piece of ass! 
I was at a group dinner 8mo pregnant not sure how thats considered a date,news to me! if I was being set up I didn't know it! 
unbelievable...what's wrong with people. 
Just finished shoe shopping w/ girls for school..packing for our move in a few weeks..getting anxious to move back in our home! 
It's like a sauna outside ....I'm loving this heat!!! 
no my trainer! 
Challenging workout..thanks beautiful Kim for pushing me!! 
yes:( 
Happy 1st Birthday to your beautiful daughter Beau Doherty! 
Good morning! Up early to workout....really need some coffee! 
crap doing it by phone I missed wine and cupcakes?!? 
Running around all day getting kids ready to start school this week..#busymama 
This is what happens when you walk away to get a cup of coffee..at least she put a towel down. Oh this is in my ro  
Good morning!! Have a happy and safe labor day! 
happy birthday!! 
All the girls are sound asleep..hoping baby Eloise has a long stretch..have a good night! Maybe I'll see u at 3am again:) 
Thx! Baby is our daughter Sami just saw your 2 1/2 men episode. Loved the baby monitor scene. Priceless :-). 
my favorite zoo!! 
Getting a mani/pedi time for fresh nails!! 
having coffee in bed with all my girls watching School of Rock...#lovesundaymorning 
Still up:( 
Just finished feeding baby eloise...I always have a hard time going back to sleep once I'm up! 
thank u...would love too!! 
I love this wallcovering I'm using in my office at my home..adding some hot pink in the room too!  
don't read into a simple happy bday tweet. I tweet that often for other bdays!!! 
Love this min!!“@MindyWeiss: Sweet seating group  
Happy Birthday !!!!!!!!!!! 
Amazing!!!!“@MrRossCassidy: This house is Brilliant!!!!Sky Garden House by Guz Architects  
My girls are so excited..they start dance classes at new dance studio! 
happy birthday!!!! 
amazing! 
If you have a near you book a class!! Amazing workout! challenging & fun..love!!! 
congrats mama! Can't wait to meet her!!!...xo 
Good morning! Nothing like getting back into a workout routine than starting at 6am!! 
I take it you'll never fly spirit again!!! 
“@xoRadiateLove: For every follower we get, we donate $1,000 to fund.Trying 2 #makeachange. 
Thanks girl!!“@CatBurrell: just ordered real girl next door #amazingamazingbook” 
took a few months off!! Thank you..getting back into it! 
So excited for my 1st workout with tomorrow! 
Crazy busy day getting kids ready for school..soccer, brownies, dance, & gymnastics ..busy girls:) 
Thanks my friend!!“@brookeburke: Supporting my girls &  
miss you schweeetbabe !!!! 
well let the mind wander! ...well, now my mind is wandering, contemplating what you mean by grown up time.. :)” 
girl after today you might need a few cocktails!!!!! 
I am too. Sami starts practice this weekend! “@brookeburke: I'm officiall a soccer mom!” 
Having grown up time tonight...what's everyone doing this evening?? 
Thanks for your sweet messages...love u all!!! 
typo on tweet not profile:) I think...:))) 
which word isn't spelled correctly? 
Still in shock over a meeting I had this am..amazing how some people can be so unprofessional ....onward & upward!!! 
Thank u !!“@dawnscasa:  - Denise Richards: Suburban upbringing kept me grounded Great Interview!” 
good to know! 
I was up at 4am..poor Sami's legs were so sore from running on the beach all day. but our baby slept!!!!!! 
good morning! baby Eloise slept 8 hrs!!!!! having my coffee.....:) 
missed mom! 
Well...sleepover didn't last long. Just picked up the girls.. 
thank you!! 
my big girls went to a slumber party...baby Eloise & I are having one on one time tonight:) 
Tried sending a twit pic having trouble...Any suggestions?? 
Ugh...I really need to workout. I've been out of my routine for a few months. No more excuses!!!!! 
no we finished shooting the season! 
Missing my BMS cast.....:( 
Well tablets are definitely not just for grownups anymore! Gotta check out #InnoTab and like it on FB at  #ad 
Good morning! Going over final touches on our home I'm remodeling. So excited, very soon we finally get to move back in after two yrs. 
blood orange martinis & cosmos! 
what?!! wow just left there yesterday. Be safe 
poor little guy...thankfully he has you! 
Baby Eloise wants to start her day ..3:30am. #mamastilltired 
Midnight feeding with the baby....so hoping I get a long stretch of sleep tonight with Eloise:) 
u just made me blush.I was honored & grateful to work with all of u.You're so talented, gorgeous& humble very endearing to see 
One child down for bed two to go...having a lovely evening with the family 
a sauna!! I actually love it:) 
sorry just saw...very cool idea:) 
Love this Min! What's the party??“@MindyWeiss: Setting up for guac stations!  
Molly & I are sitting in beach traffic trying to get home!! 
Attention NYC ResidentsPets ARE welcome in all emergency shelters and evacuation centers.Do not leave them behind. PleaseRT 
this is so sad 
miss you and your class....ready to start back up! 
yum! That looks delish! Please post recipe...love soup! 
Just landed! Good to be home gonna miss everyone. Need an update on east coast..hope everyone is ok... 
And we're off! & bye MTL we'll miss u!!!  
Good morning! Early flight back to la...we're hoping doesn't miss it! 
Goodnight..early flight tomorrow with and back to la! 
aw thank you so much!! Huge compliment:) 
you're funny! I'll keep that in mind:) 
It's a wrap!! Thx #BMS 4 an amazing season and to our crew & cast ..love you guys!!! 
Last shot of the season..final touches!!  
oh dear. What a night for you:) 
I feel for you...hope you get out soon! 
false 
exactly!! 
Our camera man brought his beautiful dog! Zuka is hanging in my trailer!  
URGENTPrint copies+put them up where u can (stores gas stations 
etc).Help animals before Irene gets them bit.ly/pUfSus 
let's support my friend and keep our fingers crossed she stays on The Talk! Won't be the same without her!!! 
sorry my friend.. Another amazing door will open! 
miss both of you!! 
“@PEOPLEPets: Good news! A friend of the fallen Navy SEAL is adopting his loyal dog  
thx baby one of my favorite shows to do 
you too mama! Home tomorrow...let's make a plan! 
yes it is! 
congrats!! Be open could be amazing!!! 
It's pajama day on set today..I got mine on! Can't wait to see the crew.. 
my fellow summer girl!!! 
very sad...gonna miss everyone 
aw thank you! 
apology accepted thank you... 
thank you!! 
when traveling I pack myself..moving my dad helps & movers box up the big delicate items, lighting fixtures 
Happy birthday!!!!“@showercap: Can I get a Happy Birthday RT? Thanks! ☺” 
exactly..back to school soon!! 
Praying everyone on the east coast stays safe... 
Good morning! Late call today..packing my stuff back up. Last day of shooting heading home tomorrow!! Happy Friday!! 
“@NancyODell: Latest news on response to #Hurricane #Irene:   
Wrapped for the day! 16 hrs...but one of the funniest days on set. Really excited for the season... 
what the hell is wrong with you? Learn some manners. 
fighting it...lots of vitamin c..and trying oregano oil?? We'll see if it works!! 
I love that my girls know my cell #...Lola called me 12 times at work today- and has given it to every new friend she meets:) 
thx girl...miss u so much, especially our sunday dinners. moving back into our home soon.starting the Irv sun dinners again! 
congrats my friend!!!! 
Still on set....getting touched up!!  
I'm at work messing up my make up...broke my heart. I wonder who has him now 
This is heartbreaking....“@PEOPLEPets: Goodbye, friend. Dog sits and waits by slain Navy SEAL's coffin:  
that's why we have Block babe!!!!! 
“@TheJoeyParker: Hey #EastCoast! Map of Hurricane Irene's along the east coast, evacuation updates here:  RT! Stay safe!” 
omg I am so in love with her! 
I love summer...sad it's over:( 
Just realized my girls have two weeks left of summer! Where did it go?!? 
 
Good morning! Rainy day in Mtl...off to set. 2 days left of shooting .have a great day! 
they took it down thank you! 
always good to be polite to everyone!! 
thank u...feeling worse:( 
“@ModernDogMag: Behind-the-scenes video from our photoshoot with for the fall issue  
amazing hotel..been to many, very impressed by this one!! 
happy birthday baby!! 
then don't follow me 
Back in Montreal ...fighting a cold:( 
happy belated birthday!!!! 
Good morning! Off to Montreal..couple more days of shooting then wrapped! 
Thanks for all your remedies..learned some new ones! Off to bed....night tweeps...xo 
I agree! 
I remember you!!! Thank u 
crap!!!!!!!! I feel a sore throat coming on...damn flying ..... 
it's organized chaos sometimes but the best ever!!! You'll be a beautiful mommy:) 
you're incredibly judgemental 
so happy to see you today..u look gorgeous!!!! 
amazing!!! 
and I adore u:) 
Thank you so much!!!!“@NicNicNic666: thank you for such a poignant, funny riviting read! LOVED your new book ;)” 
I'm great thank you!! 
thx for reading.loss was the hardest chapter to write 
thank you we feel so blessed 
Landed! Back in la...heading home to pack, off to Canada tomorrow. Lots of flying this week.... 
Finished the luncheon and a couple meetings..heading to the airport back to la! 
Omg...the Cosmopolitan hotel in Vegas is stunning!!!!!!!! Decor is gorg! Wish I could stay the night! Coming back for sure... 
aw thank you!! 
thank you 
saw a pic on news last night...you looked gorgeous! Congrats!!!!!! 
Pray 4 her!“@FightForKiwi: Please pray for 2 y/o Kiwi who is fighting a very agressive brain Tumor!! #FightForKiwi <3” 
yes! 
I usually travel with my kids..my dad is looking after them today! 
barely:) 
Good morning! Heading to Vegas early for the day...coffee!! 
thank you!! 
miss you...traveling a lot this week.home next week wanna see you!! 
Going over my travel schedule for the week, heading to MTL wed to finish filming, 4 trips this week! Lots of packing:) 
everything..inside and out! Over a year 
thank u for sharing 
Gonna be revamping my website..can't wait to share with you.. 
so cool! 
$5! 
Lola lost her 2nd tooth!!! 
yes!! Remodeling it 
big remodel! 
thank you!! 
Busy day...hope everyone had a good one! Dinner time. Heading to Vegas for a business luncheon tomorrow 
oops typo:) 
thank you'n 
Everyone working away to finish my home so we can move in!  
did you even go to sleep?? 
Relaxed w/ the girls all day..we're all a little tired. Eloise was up at 1:30 & 4:30 am..she's getting so big!! 
it's actually outside in our cabana! Thank u 
I do a lot for animal causes 
Came home to our pizza oven finished! Can't wait to move back in  
oh boy..all at once? 
good morning...so happy to wake up in our own beds! nice to get away even nicer to be home! 
sometimes I just let them sort it out 
Landed! Home sweet home! Gorgeous day in la... 
This is gonna be a long day..up at 1:30am la time. Heading home ...bye Montreal! See you next week! 
Done for the day! Have a few days off..we get to head home tomorrow! 
trying to get it done thx for bringing to my attention! 
not yet:( are u going to la soon?!? 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
you know I like to be golden baby!!!! 
