Lazy Rule: If it falls under the bed, it's gone...forever. 
I don't agree with your opinion, but I respect its straightforwardness in terms of wrongness. 
Enjoy the little things in life, because one day, you'll look back and realize that they were actually big things. #Truth 
Trying to read my mind is pointless...what's in there is completely illegible. 
I sure do feel a hell of alot more attractive at walmart than I do at the gym... 
The first rule of relationships: You don't find out why someone was available until it's too late. 
Check out our new t-shirt with a built-in BOTTLE CAP OPENER! $19.99 this week only!  
Sometimes I wish real world conversations had a 140 character limit... 
If my coworkers' cars could run on bullshit, he would always have a full tank. 
If she tells you this, it's a lie:  
I pee down the side of the toilet so it makes less sound. 
#ThatTerribleMoment when you realize its legal for you to smoke weed, but Twinkies won't be around! 
Wait, so it's acceptable for you to be an idiot, but not for me to point it out? 
This dude is bad ass  
"You should post that on Google Plus." - Nobody 
I think I'll make a to do list and then I will feel better. 1. Drink 
If you love someone, let them go out with their friends. 
Dear morning, go away. 
Internet >>>> Sleep 
Don’t shop when hungry. Don’t date when horny. Don’t tweet when drunk. 
Even if women came with directions, you still wouldn’t read them. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you go grocery shopping and get a cart with 4 functional wheels. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you’re waiting for a text but then you realize you’re the one who didn’t reply. 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie  
I have heard of sane women...but I've also heard of Big Foot. 
Pick up the book closest to you. Turn to page 31. The first sentence on that page describes your sex life in 2012. 
This festival looks awesome! Check it out ->  - sp 
I'm not shy, I'm just really good at figuring out who's worth talking to. 
If you like drinking, sex, and drinking then this book is for you:  
I don't always bite the inside of my mouth, but when I do, I bite the exact same spot 10 more times throughout the day. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you drive by a cop going 80 mph and DON'T get pulled over! 
How do people write an autobiography? I can barely remember what I had for lunch yesterday. 
Your girlfriend HATES you? Heres what to do  - sp 
Everyone has that friend with a nickname and when someone calls them by their real name it sounds weird. 
Coworkers talking to me on Monday morning is like Christmas music... I can't stand it if it starts too early. 
I've got 99 problems and they're all due to Monday. 
7 minutes of extra sleep in the morning seriously does matter. 
I like to drink beer on special occasions. I think life is VERY special. 
I'm not hungry. But, I'm bored. Therefore, I shall eat. 
Every Sunday morning I am reminded that my tolerance isn't what it used to be. #hungover 
Looking at your best friend and saying "I'll do it if you do it." 
You can enter to win an iPod Touch or an Amazon gift cards, just by liking this new Facebook page called Laughing Sucks  
I have yet to see a security guard I couldn't beat the shit out of. 
I wonder what it is that I did to get reincarnated as me. 
You can win an iPod Touch or Amazon Giftcard just by liking this new Facebook page called Laughing Sucks!  
I'm not a procrastinator, I'm just extremely productive at unimportant things. 
Keep Calm and Day Drink On. 
"Fear is the enemy of logic." -Frank Sinatra 
When I read your tweet, I mentally correct your grammar. 
Anything that requires my presence before noon on a weekend is an obligation, not recreation. 
I hate it when my alarm clock totally interrupts my planking practice. 
Go buy her a drink. 
This $10 beer tastes like I'm dumb. 
I'm not a binge drinker. Binge drinking is defined as having 6 or more drinks at one sitting. I usually have my 6th lying on the floor. 
Old people study the shit out of receipts. 
Well, I never!! = Old person's "WTF" 
My age is very inappropriate for my behavior. 
The guy who wrote the program that estimates how much time is left on a download did not take his job seriously at all. 
This week's Men's Humor Hotties are up! Click the link to see and vote:  
More often than not, people use smart phones for really dumb things. 
Having loads of money doesn't make you a better person.. Spending it on cool shit does. 
#FF Funniest. Shit. Ever. 
Before you can truly love someone else, first you have to love yourself...then wash your hands. 
Dear girls, Bending down in a photo won't make your boobs bigger. 
Weekend Advice: It's only illegal if you get caught. 
Prepare to laugh your ass off.  
Keep Calm and Swanson  #Movember 
On Fridays I might as well be a lesbian, because I ain't doing dick. 
Regardless of your standpoint on Gay Rights, everyone should have a Ding Dong in their mouth today #Hostess #RIP 
We should all eat some #twinkies and #dingdongs today in appreciation of #Hostess...Do it for your childhood! 
Apparently #Hostess can survive a nuclear holocaust, but not a baker's strike. 
It's Friday... Turning my give-a-fuck-o' meter down... █ ▆ ▅ ▄ ▃ ▂ ▁ 
Hello Friday, you beautiful beautiful bastard! 
If you put a finger in your ear and scratch, it sounds like Pacman. 
You will never be too old to be embarrassed by your parents. #Truth 
You calling it "Getting Drunk." ...I call it "diligently planning a Friday morning hangover." 
Time for something that starts with 'P' and ends in 'orn'. That's right...Popcorn! 
Premium cable channels are like relationships. You're all excited at first, but after awhile you get sick of the same old shit. 
The leading cause of depression is reality. 
What's better than some awesome facts about sex? Hot chicks reading them.  
LADIES: Don't forget to send your pics & Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be a MH Hottie! 
Mustaches are just wings for your nose. #Movember 
#ThatAwkardMoment when you realize the last stair...you thought was there...isn't. 
If you love sex as much as we do, you'll love getting 50% any item at  & free shipping. Code: MH 
Everytime I see "Explain." on a test, a part of me dies... 
Want a 6-pack? Try this  - sp 
If women think all men are the same, then why do they worry so much about picking the right one? #Truth 
❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ Doesn't matter, I’m awesome. 
If you show up to work sick, you're not a dedicated hard-worker, you're an asshole. 
Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you beer, and I don't know about you, but beer make me pretty damn happy. 
"I'm playing Call of Duty: Black Ops 2" = Legitimate excuse to miss work and school. 
"Awesome, I love this game... Can I be player 2?" #ShesAKeeper 
Food, Beer, Presents, Fireworks... I love this time of year. 
Best. App. Ever.  
What is the worst part about waking up? ...pretty much everything until I go to bed again. 
Spooning is only worth it if it comes after forking. 
Getting comfortable in bed, then get the urge to pee. #TheWorst 
I solve a majority of my problems by ignoring them...or by beer...lots and lots of beer! 
Stop trying to press rewind. It's Life...not a movie. 
Respect older people because they graduated without Google and Wikipedia. 
When Karma comes back to punch you in the face...I'll be there...just in case it needs help. 
You know a chick is serious when they say your name in a text. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when somebody gets accused for what you did. 
Knowing your family so well, You can tell who’s coming down the stairs by the sound of their footsteps. 
Hot girls + video games = AWESOME  - sp 
You don't get what you WISH for, you get what you WORK for. #BestAdvice 
Speed bumps? Challenge accepted. 
Oh, I understand. I just don't care. 
Don’t be a little bitch. Handle that shit. 
Real Women make your dick hard...not your life. 
She probably dumped you because you did this  
Remember going outside and doing stuff? ...you know, that activity we used to do before the internet? 
"When I eat, it is the food that is scared." -Ron Swanson 
Buy all the expensive perfume you want, nothing beats the scent of bacon. 
I'd like to shake the hand of the guy who invented the snooze button... in like 9 minutes. 
I get hungry when people use hashtags because they look like waffles. # #FatKidAtHeart 
Live For Today…Plan For Tomorrow…Party Tonight! 
"You look happy. Let me see what I can do about that." - Life 
I love my toilet. We've been through a lot of shit together. 
You have "Swag"? Cool...could I get some extra Ketchup packets? 
FACT: Women dig fit guys. This trick will give you a 6-pack in a few days.  - sp 
Love may be blind, but hate has 20/20 vision. 
If we're good friends, there's an 80% chance I've texted you mid-poop. 
Sometimes I think life is one big test and I’m in the wrong classroom. 
So if guns kill people...I suppose pencils misspell words, Cars drive drunk, And spoons make people fat? 
If you don't think she is hot, you're crazy.  
My hometown is great for sightseeing...if you wanna see the People of Walmart in their natural habitat. 
I miss being able to use the excuse "I wasn't home when you called". 
Hey Subway, just make everything 5 dollars forever and shut the hell up. 
The more photos you have to untag, the better the weekend was. #truth 
Fact: Every guy secretly wants a girl like this  
Women complain that their periods are painful… can't be anymore painful than being around a woman on her period. 
Shower = 2% Wash Body, 3% Wash Hair, 95% Contemplate Life. 
When you're in bed half asleep and you suddenly feel like you're falling. #MiniHeartAttack 
This beer tastes like I'm not going to work tomorrow. 
Not sure if I should go out and enjoy tonight or stay home and not be poor tomorrow. 
Women don’t go crazy, they are crazy...they just “go normal” from time to time. #Truth 
To #BeHonest, I never thought The Chiefs would be hanging on this long... 
Let's #BeHonest, regardless of who plays on Monday Night, Football will be the only thing on my TV. #MNF 
BEST PICK UP LINE: You like sleeping? Hey, me too! We should do it together! 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you finish a TV show series and you don’t know what to do with your life anymore. 
My life in three words: "just browsing, thanks." 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie  
Does anybody think the Chiefs stand a chance against the Steelers tonight? #MNF 
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you’re behind a slow walker & theres no way around them. 
This thing is crazy!  #TheKluge 
I still think 1990 was 10 years ago... 
You’re probably naked under all those clothes. You slut. 
Today’s Kids: “OMG my parents never let me have anything!” via iPhone. 
Dear all of these people, YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG!  
Have you ever been so hungover you had to sit down to brush your teeth? 
When my coworkers talk to me, all I can think about is, "100 million sperm cells and you were the fastest??" 
Mondays seem to go by in microwave minutes. 
Fact: Chicks like fit guys. This trick will give you a 6pack in a few days.  - sp 
Your childhood sucked if you didn't say "EA Sports, it's in the game" at the beginning of the game. 
Thanksgiving is like sex. Preparation takes hours & the actual event can be over in minutes, then you argue about who cleans up. 
Monday? Oh shit, not you again. 
Oh! You have a strong political opinion? I can count on no hands the amount of fucks I give. 
Be Awesome Today. 
I like blow jobs because it mixes two of my favorite things: getting blown and doing nothing. 
When someone says to me great minds think alike, I just look at them and think “you dirty bastard”. 
Bored? Send a text message to a random number saying: "Im Pregnant" 
If you're riding shotgun, you're automatically on cop look-out. #Truth 
I hope popcorn appreciates what the microwave did for its career. 
"A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking." -Seinfeld 
Life is way too short to have matching socks. 
"Too much of anything is bad, but too much good whiskey is barely enough." -Mark Twain 
Leave the day drinking to the professionals. 
It's easier to start the day when you know it will end at Beer:30. 
It's Saturday! What is the #GameToWatch? 
Some mornings it's best to just fill the sink with coffee, dunk your head in it, and suck. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you wake up after getting wasted and see that you DIDN"T text your ex! 
Movie auditions should be held in a bar...that’s where most men and women do their best acting. 
Certain beers give me a terrible hangover...but I've narrowed it down...it's either the 10th or 11th beer. 
My moral compass must run on solar power because it never seems to work after dark. 
I want to buy a snack at a vending machine but all my bills are too big. #FirstWorldProblems 
2013 will be the first year not to contain a repeating digit since 1987. #CrazyFact 
Seduce her with Bacon. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you send an embarrassing text to the wrong person, but the phone loses connection wasn't able to send the message 
This week's Men's Humor Hotties are up! Click the link to vote:  
Obesity doesn't run in the family...the main problem is nobody runs in the family. 
Guys, think you could score with this chick?  
Had a huge argument with myself this afternoon...it's ok though, the make-up sex was unbelievable! 
You can keep retaking all the photos you want but that’s just what your face really looks like. 
Below is a complete list of all the things in life I’ve got figured out in Life: 
#BestAdvice Go talk to that girl at the bar. You've got nothing to lose and a whole fucking lot to gain. 
It's great that so many young people are willing to voice their political opinions. It's too bad most of those opinions are fucking stupid. 
Dear this lady, what have you done?!?!?  
Those who do not delete their history are doomed to piss off their girlfriend. 
"Clear alcohols were invented for rich women on diets" -Ron Swanson 
Fuck Yeah Friday #FYF 
The later I get, the drunker it is. 
Yep.  
My conscious is clear because it's soaked in vodka. 
Biggest lie I tell myself: "I don't need to write that down, I'll remember it." 
"Just because you can't dance, doesn't mean you shouldn't dance." -Alcohol 
May your life be as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook. 
Can’t wait till I’m old and I can play the ‘fall asleep’ card in awkward situations. 
Sometimes the smartest thing you can do is play dumb. 
My iPhone autocorrected "wish you were here" to "wish you were beer" ...I sent it anyways. 
I hate when people put song lyrics as their status. It makes me wanna SHOUT! Kick my heels back and SHOUT! 
Oh, you ran a Marathon? ...cool...you're still fat. 
LADIES: Don't forget to submit your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be this week's MH Hottie! 
Yea that was funny, but I don't like you so I'm not gonna laugh. 
Best. Videogames. Ever.  
Sarcasm: confusing stupid people and pissing off idiots everywhere. 
If my life had rollover minutes, I'd use them to take more naps. 
Guys, she'll appreciate this.The closest thing to wearing nothing  #sex 
I wish I could delete your facebook status. 
"That guy is such a douchebag! Is he single? Maybe I can fix him!" -Women 
Just heard about the Cougartown drinking game. Here's how you play: 1. Turn that crap off. 2. Head to the bar. 
I hope that one day my cheeseburger will look like it does in the commercials. 
Proof that dogs > cats  
Why did the semen cross the road? Because I put the wrong socks on this morning. #ClassicJoke 
Every Thursday night I go out, forgetting about last Friday morning. 
Make tomorrow's hangover totally worth it tonight. 
Dear ugly people, You're welcome. Sincerely, Alcohol 
I wish the dollar store sold gas. 
Don't let Life get in the way of living. 
If being batshit crazy was as visible as a nice body some of you hot chicks would get a lot less attention. 
Worst. Movie. Ever.  
No one is as good looking as their profile picture, and no one's as ugly as their drivers license picture. #Truth 
I'm holding cheerleader tryouts for my fantasy football team. 
I hate when people start a conversation on my Facebook status. 
What do you guys think of Scarlett Johanssons new tattoo?  Still hot? 
I'll usually hug people when it's obvious they only want to shake hands. 
You're not living life right if you don't get just a little bit nervous every time you hear a police siren. #Truth 
Someone standing in front of the item I need...pretend to look at something else until they move. 
Guys don't do this  
If you own stock in Cheetos or Doritos, it doesn't matter who won the election... yesterday was a win for you. #colorado 
I miss the days when making a "duck face" required two Pringles. 
Happy no more stupid political posts day! 
"Whiskey, Rum, Vodka!" - Me, calling the shots. 
My car doubles in value when I fill my gas tank up. 
Dear Blockbuster Video, LOL. Love, Netflix. 
I hate it when my phone decides to randomly jump out of my hand and attack the floor. 
I would pay Nickelback to just stop making music altogether. #Truth 
Life should consist of more dodge ball and less working. 
#LifeTruth Sandwiches taste so much better when they are cut diagonally. 
Dear websites asking for my age, I'm going to select born in 2012...Sincerely, why is that even an option? 
I think I could fall madly in bed with you. 
28 things that are worse than talking about politics on Facebook  
I don't need to flirt...I will seduce you with my awkwardness. 
I wasn't aware that the voting ballots came with a "share this on Facebook/Twitter" feature. #technology 
Posting your stupid political rants won't change my opinions on the election, but it will change my opinions of you. 
WORD OF THE DAY: Obama...as in, I bought a 12 pack of beer and drank it Obama self. 
I'd rather carry 10 grocery bags in each hand than make 2 trips. 
Halo 4 and Black Ops 2 are both coming out during No Shave November... Teen pregnancy is going to be at an all-time low. 
Our advice: Take a break from your friends' political rants and check out these hot chicks:  
I'm not saying she's fat, she's just easy to see. 
The presidential candidates should have to debate while they're completely wasted... That way we'll know what's really on their mind. 
Today everyone will update about who they chose for president, then tomorrow it will be back to what they chose for lunch. 
The only reason the sun still goes down on the earth every night is because he didn't put a ring on it. #Science 
Some of the best and worst lies I've ever told are excuses for why I'm late. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: So, your shirt and pants need to go, but you can stay. 
On the Internet, you can be whatever you want to be...it's strange that so many people choose to be stupid. 
Nobody looks back on their life and remembers the nights they had plenty of sleep. 
I drink to make other people interesting. 
My bank account is more like a countdown to my homelessness. 
Together we can stop bathroom mirror profile pictures. 
Cheers! You survived Monday! #HappyHour 
That’s definitely not my ringtone, but I’m going to have to check my phone anyway. 
I wonder if some people on Facebook know that you can quietly be a Republican or a Democrat? 
Drunk Ghostbuster backflips over a cop and gets arrested ->  
Without that little voice in your head, you wouldn’t be able to read this. 
TODAY is the last day to take advantage of FREE SHIPPING on everything! Promo Code: MH2012  
Never sure if it's a roof rack or a cop car. 
Everyone has that friend that checks in at the gym bc they want everyone to know they went to the gym. 
This video = AMAZING  
I can never get anything done on Monday... I'm too busy mourning the loss of my weekend. 
Dear coworkers, I act like I don't care, but deep inside, I don't give a fuck. 
I hate Monday because Monday hates me. 
MONDAY!? But I wasn't even finished with Saturday yet! 
She encourages you to participate in No Shave November... #ShesAKeeper She participates in No Shave November... #Time2Bail 
Will Ferrell will do anything to get you to vote!  
Another Sunday, another hangover... Nothing a few beers and the #NFL can't handle. 
My parents don't appreciate the hilarious child they have been blessed with. 
Ah! We gained an extra hour! I shall use it lazily. 
I like to do a bunch of shots when I'm sick. If I'm gonna puke, I might as well be drunk. 
Why people use Twitter: because updating 100 times a day on Facebook is not socially acceptable. 
What scares me about America is that the people in prison are nothing compared to the people who leave youtube comments. 
When somebody sends me a "k" text, I assume they forgot the rest of "fuc_ you", so I make sure to correct them. 
We never really grow up...we only learn how to act in public. #Truth 
If a man said he'll fix it, he will. There is no need to remind him every 6 months about it. 
The number 1 lie a woman will tell you ->  
Dating Advice: Don't date me. 
A Saturday without college football is a waste of a Saturday. 
I do ten sit ups every morning. It might not sound like much, but there are only so many times you can hit the snooze button. 
The worst part about having neighbors is that they cut their grass, at 8am, on weekends. 
Crack open another beer. Stay out another hour. #Weekend 
It's #FridayNight Take another shot and go make an ass out of yourself. 
Women fake orgasms to have relationships. Men fake relationships to have orgasms. #Truth 
Friends are just people I hate marginally less than everyone else. 
Friends don't let friends do stupid things...alone. 
M̸o̸n̸d̸a̸y̸ T̸u̸e̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ W̸e̸d̸n̸e̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ T̸h̸u̸r̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ Friday Saturday Sunday #Weekend 
Standing around waiting for something just makes you an easy target for bird shit. 
This week's Men's Humor Hotties are up! Click the link to vote:  
A boy makes his girl jealous of other women. A gentleman makes other women jealous of his girl. #Truth 
The FUNNIEST photos you will see today!  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone invites themselves into your plans without asking. 
Roses are red, that much is true, but violets are purple, not fucking blue! 
Don't think I didn't notice that you deleted your photo on Instagram when nobody "Liked" it. 
In boring classes, I always improve my drawing skills. 
Raid should make suppositories for all the people with bugs up their asses. 
She asks to look through your text messages. #Time2Bail 
Happy Friday! FREE SHIPPING on all shirts when you use coupon code: MH2012  #GetOnIt 
You call it getting drunk, I call it supporting local economy. #Friday 
Greatest. Costumes. EVER.  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the teacher tries to be funny...and nobody laughs. 
It's Friday! I can't wait to be ashamed of what I do this weekend! 
Alcohol might be a liquid, but some of the most solid relationships are founded on it. 
It's Friday... I'm stoked! On the other hand, my bank account and liver couldn't be more depressed. 
Sleeping in could easily be my superpower...if not for my arch-nemesis, having to take a piss. 
Just a reminder that you don’t have to tell Facebook or Twitter goodnight...you can just shut up. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: Wanna have sex? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no. 
Whatever doesn't kill me...had better start running. 
You say "getting married" ...I hear "penis retirement" 
Hey parents with teenagers, the bottle of vodka in your liquor cabinet is water. 
A woman who has no idea how hot she is, is so hot. #Truth 
BEST IDEA: Crush up cheetos, pour the dust into a salt shaker, and sprinkle it on everything you eat. 
I'm beginning to realize that some people must actually enjoy being miserable. 
"You look happy. Let me see what I can do about that.” -Life 
The best friendships are built on a solid foundation of alcohol, sarcasm and inappropriateness. #Truth 
Why do the text messages I try to cancel always send faster? 
This girl wins the sexy Halloween costume award  
If Tomatoes are considered a fruit, that means Ketchup is a smoothie. #MindBlown 
Somedays, the best thing about my job is that my chair spins. 
LADIES: Tweet your #HalloweenHotties photo at us and we'll retweet the best! 
#HowToPissAGirlOff Only call when you're drunk. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you still can’t understand someone after they’ve repeated themselves about 4 times. 
The Booty Call Agreement:  
Glad to live in a time where being social doesn’t require making eye contact. 
Men's Humor Approved: This game is awesome and free ->  - sp 
A person can describe that they are about to make a bunch of bad decisions or they can simply show you by ordering tequila. 
Most of the time when my coworkers are talking to me I'm just thinking about what I want for lunch. 
Support #Movember and help raise vital awareness and funds for men's health!  
Gentlemen, Movember is upon us! 
Hello Halloween Hangover... 
If the trick or treaters really want to scare me this year, then they should all dress up as Visa statements. 
Dog Costumes > People Costumes 
Halloween is, by far, the safest day to kill a person and leave them in a chair on your porch. 
I strategically plan my drunken blackouts to coincide with all the stupid shit I do. 
The real entertainment comes tomorrow when we get to watch the "Day After Halloween Walk of Shame Parade." 
I have to remind myself this weekend there will be many Halloween parties. So don't go by instinct and start shooting zombies in the head. 
I always go to Halloween parties as a Ninja, so don’t expect to see me there. 
If you love sex as much as we do, you'll love getting 50% any item at  & free shipping. Code: MH 
Hey people with $2k worth of Halloween decorations in your yard, WTF? 
Hey! If you buy something in our store today, we'll give you FREE SHIPPING when you use the coupon code: MH2012  
I love Halloween because it's the only night of the year I may end up getting drunk with Spider Man and going home with a cheerleader. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you find something hilarious, but nobody else does. 
Chuckie Cheese is just a Casino for kids. 
If you were a 90s kid, you should remember this  
Whoever said that Chinese Water Torture is the worst form of torture has clearly never watched an episode of Cougartown. 
It's Halloween! Oh wait...you're not wearing a costume? 
It's Halloween, hopefully you people that partied last night didn't wake next to something scary this morning. 
I wish there was a snooze button for my bladder. 
It's really cute when Sleep tries to compete with the Internet. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you turn on MTV and they're actually playing music. 
That mini heart attack you get when you don't feel your phone in your pocket. 
All I heard was, "I swear it will be funny" ...then we were in Jail 
I can't even afford a Staycation. 
I don't have shitty handwriting...I have my own Font. 
It's never too early to start drinking Whiskey. #HappyHour 
There's a guy that actually holds the record for the quickest orgasm??  
If I was a chick for one day, I'd probably spend a majority of the day staring at my own boobs. 
Disney bought LucasFilm for 4 billion and announced Star Wars 7. I'm sure it will be terrific. Did I say terrific? I meant terrible. 
If you’re bragging about how little you tip that doesn’t make you a financial master...you’re just a cheap asshole. 
LADIES: Send your pics and twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be a MH Hottie! 
When Life knocks you down, calmly get back up, smile, and say “You hit like a bitch.” 
Dear these women, I love you.  
Hangovers: because you had so much fun, you deserve to think about it all day. 
We like you and you like free stuff, so we're giving you free shipping w/ code: MH2012   
Remember the days when it was frowned upon to talk about who you were gonna vote for? I miss those days. 
Help out the folks from Hurricane #Sandy, text REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation or visit  #RTplease 
Class > Swag 
How did people deal with being uncomfortable in social situations before cell phones? 
'Tis the extra cold toilet seat time of the year. 
I sleep on a bed full of freshly washed clothes because I'm too lazy to put them away. 
Common sense is like deodorant; those that need it most, don’t use it. 
I am allergic to stupidity, so I break out in sarcasm. 
Just because you have one doesn’t mean you have to act like one. 
Everybody has that one friend that always catches you doing weird stuff. 
Don't flatter yourself, I was checking out your friend. 
Keep Calm and Beer Me. #HappyHour 
Keep Calm and Beer Me. #HappyHour 
The only thing I remember about the Little Mermaid...  
Writing a poem for my girlfriend...what rhymes with Threesome? 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie  
Life is too short to remove a USB safely. 
Work would be a lot better if it involved beer and blowing shit up. 
There’s no such thing as a quiet idiot. #Truth 
Best. Videogame. Ever.  
It's crazy how so many girls chose the same Halloween costume every year... The Slut. 
My favorite app on my phone is whichever one is helping me avoid an awkward situation. 
"Yeah, just hit me up on Google+." -Nobody 
I don’t mind going to work, but that 8 hour wait to go home really sucks. 
Wannabes...  
Whoever says "Good Morning" on Monday deserves to get punched in the throat. 
Monday should be optional. 
I can't remember too much about last night, but according to my bank statement I had a pretty good time. 
✔ Brunch ✔ Beer ✔ Football #ILoveSundays 
I don't know what's dumber... The Steelers' uniforms or that annoying NAPA commercial. #nfl 
Happy Sunday Funday! Here is a pug horse!  
"I'm not gonna dress slutty for Halloween" - no college girl ever 
Recipe for not getting laid: Mix 1 part sandals with 1 part socks. Sit back and don't have sex. 
If you don't like football, I don't like you. 
Weekend Advice: Some of life’s best lessons are learned while watching your drunk friends. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're reading a chick's shirt and it looks like you're staring at their boobs... 
Run DMC, Refused, Girl Talk, Santigold, Edward Sharpe, and MORE (Nov in Austin, TX) Tickets:  
It’s not a nap if you never got out of bed. #Weekend 
Retweet this or the terrorists win. 
A weekend wasted is a weekend well spent. 
If football was a drug, my last name would be Lohan. 
This morning's tweet is brought to you by the letter T for Tylenol. #Hungover 
My dog and I have amazing conversations when I'm drunk. 
That urge you get to write "No one gives a shit" on someone's status. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: Roses are red, violets are blue, poems are hard...so am I. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you notice the toilet paper roll was finished before sitting down. 
If you’re having second thoughts, you’re two ahead of most people. #Truth 
Your swag is gonna look amazing on that Burger King application. 
It's another tough call, but the MH Hotties are up! Vote here:  
If you hear a girl say this, you know she's lying  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your sarcasm is so advanced, people actually think you're stupid. 
VOTE! ...or don't...either way, I don't really care. 
I wish "you idiot" was an appropriate way to end a work email. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone isn’t texting you back and then you see them update their status from mobile. 
Behold, the Twilight drinking game!  
I've been an adult for many years and I see no end in sight when it comes to getting drunk on Friday nights. 
If you're doing it here, you're doing it wrong!  
I'm not doing shit today. ☑ Mission accomplished. 
It's Friday? Oh look at the time... ⌚ It's I don't give a shit o'clock. 
Good morning Friday, you beautiful bastard! 
Bed is always the comfiest right at the time you are supposed to be getting out of it. 
Screw work. Open another beer. 
I'm not calling you a slut, I'm just saying that if you ever went to a sperm bank, your spit would be accepted. 
I have life moments when all I can do is stop and say "Seriously?". 
Being Single >>> Rushing into a shitty relationship 
I know! I’ll go on the Internet and complain! That’ll fix everything! 
I wrote a status about unemployment earlier, but didn't post it. It still needs work. #ZING 
Why is a newspaper ten times more interesting when somebody across the table is reading it? 
If you love sex as much as we do, you'll love getting 50% any item at  & free shipping. Code: MH 
If i actually "spoke my mind", I'd be in deep shit. 
Using a public restroom always reminds me how much better I am at flushing a toilet that a ton of other people. 
If your teacher ever says "Get Out." It means you have won the argument. 
Every time I open the fridge...  
Deny Everything. 
I hate people who tYp3 LyK tHi5 
Hottest. Girls. Ever.  
I get ignored by women so much that they call me "Terms And Conditions". 
I saw your lunch on Instagram... I looked ☜ there ☝ there ☞ there ☟ and there, and I still couldn't find a single fuck to give. 
"Alright brain, I don't like you and you don't like me, but let's just do this, and I can go back to killing you with beer." -Homer Simpson 
I don't know why people complain that gas is so expensive... you can get a lot of gas for cheap from Taco Bell. 
New shirt! Available here:   
Her drawn-on eyebrows look like they are sponsored by Nike... #Time2Bail 
"That's what." -She  
You wanna cry? Try using a tissue, it works much better than your Facebook status. 
Nobody likes the the family that puts stick people family stickers on their car. 
I might as well be a proctologist ...I'm surrounded by assholes all day. 
Getting paid to sleep...that's my dream job. 
And yet, despite the look on my face, you’re still talking. 
I make way more decisions than I should based on the battery life of my phone. 
A girl is allowed to be crazy, as long as she is equally hot. #Truth 
I force my dog to watch animal abuse commercials just to show him how good he has it. 
A great reason to watch football!  
As a Country, I propose that, from this moment forward, we all stop talking about or mentioning Honey Boo Boo. 
Whoever snuck the s in “fast food” is a clever person. 
Scars: kind of like Tattoos...but with better stories. 
It's a 4-way stop, not Rocket Science...C'MON! 
Friends are like snowflakes...if you piss on them, they disappear. 
Wanna get a date? Try this  - sp 
I propose that we abolish marriage and engage in 3 year contracts instead, with the option for renewal. 
Looking at your textbooks thinking "What a waste of a tree." 
When you’re a kid, you hate those moments when there is nothing to do. As an adult, you live for them. #Truth 
I feel sorry for this guy...  
The Little Mermaid taught us all a valuable lesson. Men will fall in love with you if you don't talk. 
Mr. Pibb is the "Bing" of the soda world. 
I'm not lazy, I just really enjoy doing nothing. 
Rise and grind! It's #HumpDay! 
Internet > Sleep 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you accept a compliment that wasn't meant for you. 
Ironically, a cell phone is one of the best ways to ignore somebody. 
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone. #Truth 
All my life I thought air was free...until I bought a bag of chips. 
When a girl says "No." A guy hears it as "Try again tomorrow." #Truth 
Life is too hard? Stop complaining and make the best of what you have. #Truth 
LADIES: Send your pics & Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be this week's MH Hottie! 
Dear Customer Service, First, you should know that I'm typing this with my middle finger... 
Shit guys say ->  
If Facebook ever creates an App to allow others to see who viewed their profiles, I see a lot of restraining orders in my future. 
Run DMC, Refused, Girl Talk, Santigold, Edward Sharpe, and MORE (Nov in Austin, TX) Tickets:  
Would you eat this? The Cinnabon Burger w/ bacon. We would!  
"You missed a spot." -G 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you suddenly remember something really hilarious in a silent situation. 
I hate being left out almost as much as I hate being included. 
What men want:  
Cheating on a good woman is like eating out of the trash instead going out for steak. #truth 
Still waiting for the "old enough to know better" thing to happen... 
Fact: The faster a girl mentions that she has a boyfriend, the more creeped out she is by you. 
Sometimes there's just not enough coffee in world to make my coworkers tolerable. 
1 pillow is too low, but 2 pillows is too high. #FirstWorldProblems 
Show me in benefits how good of friends we are. 
Dear the #Debate, thanks for reminding me why I hate most of my Facebook friends. 
It's definitely past Bob Schieffer's bedtime. 
I hope Bob Schieffer asks them what they're gonna be for Halloween... 
When are they going to start discussing the important issues?!? ...like why is still on TV. #debate 
HORSES AND BAYONETS Y'ALL! 
I'll vote for the first guy to check his phone for the Monday Night Football score. #debate 
Obama's Plan = "Bitches get stitches" Romney's Plan = "Bitches get stitches assuming said bitch can afford healthcare." #debate 
Take a drink every time Romney's forehead frowns. #debate 
It's pretty cool they got the old guy from the movie UP to moderate the #debate. 
Obama and Romney are both sitting at a table... screw the #debate, just arm wrestle! 
This #debate is awkward... Judge Judy should have moderated it. 
Romney's flag pin is bigger than Obama's, that's the first time Romney gets to say, "mine's bigger than yours" to Obama. #debate 
I wanna know what Obama or Romney propose to do about Youtube buffering. #debate 
The #debate is about to start... get ready for everyone to start mass-debating all over Facebook. 
You survived Monday. Crack open a beer. 
We all know a chick whose boobs are more interesting than anything she says. 
If you love sex as much as we do, you'll love getting 50% any item at  & free shipping. Code: MH 
Seals are just Dog Mermaids. 
Best. Costume. Ever.  
Office Walk of Shame: Throwing paper at the trash can and miss. 
How the hell do bats hang upside down without crapping on themselves? 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie  
I spend 75% of my time at the gym choosing the right song for my workout. 
Friends don't let friends drink and text. 
Dear this girl, I think I love you.  
I'll be damned if after the 5 longest minutes of my life, I'm going to "let cool for a minute in the microwave." 
#EverybodyHasThatFriend that can't drive for shit. 
Monday, I think I speak for everyone when I say, "Fuck off!" 
I wake up relatively happy every morning. Then I interact with other people and things change quickly. 
Monday is cancelled. Go back to bed. 
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I wouldn't fail so many DUI tests. 
There is this new awesome technology to do group chats... It's called "put your damn phone away and join the conversation!" 
"There's way too much football on TV." Said Nobody, ever. 
She watches Sunday football with you all day... Wife that girl. 
Just because they make yoga pants in your size, doesn't mean you should wear them. 
My text history proves that I'm a lazy texter ...Unless you're hot. 
Life is a little bit better when whiskey is involved. 
Advice: say no to long distant relationships, absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it also makes the penis wander. 
Take the shot, men don't need a chaser. #DrinkLikeAMan 
Bar advice: Sometimes the best wingman is a hot wingwoman 
Football makes my Saturday morning hangover much more tolerable. 
FRIDAY NIGHT PICKUP LINE: I'm drunk, let's party! 
If the workouts you’re talking about aren’t the bedroom variety no one wants to hear about it. 
The glass can be half empty or half full...as long as Whiskey is in it. 
Mythbusters is the scientific version of MTV's Jackass. 
Adulthood is just piles of bills and trying to convince your exes how amazing you’re life is. #Truth 
Friday Night Tip: Don't get in a bar fight with an ugly dude, he's got nothing to lose. 
Dear Mario, I wasted my childhood trying to save your girlfriend...you owe me. 
Nipples: Nature's Thermometer. 
If you love sex as much as we do, you'll love getting 50% any item at  & free shipping. Code: MH 
You know what Friday means... Men's Humor Hotties are up! Click to vote:  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to hold back a sneeze and accidently rip ass. 
It's casual Friday...Hotties, we ask you to wear Yoga Pants. 
Follow because all the cool kids are doing it. #FF 
I can honestly admit that I've learned more from Google than school. 
I'm pretty sure the girl from 'Precious' has a twin sister who shops at every WalMart I've ever been to... 
Hottest. Girls. Ever.  
Remember when people actually used their cell phones for talking? 
Awesome! We made inappropriately hilarious tweets of the week!  
My bank must think I'm a gymnast because my balance is so outstanding. 
I always secretly wanted to lick the scented markers... #FatKidAtHeart 
It's Friday... Turning the volume of my fucks given down: █ ▆ ▅ ▄ ▃ ▂ ▁ 
S.O.B.E.R. = Son Of a Bitch! Everything's Real! 
"If you fall, I'll be there." -The Floor 
Debating on whether to go out tonight? You'd rather have a Life of "Oh Wells" than "What Ifs" #Truth 
"I'd be a vegetarian if bacon grew on trees." -Homer Simpson 
Hitting every button to stop the last message on your phone from being sent. 
Order another beer, it's contagious. #HappyHour 
If others are jealous, you’re doing something right. #Truth 
Every group project ever.  
Diarrhea is hereditary. It runs in your jeans. #ZING 
Remember this?  
I’ll stop being so lazy when being so lazy stops being so awesome. 
"In 3 words I can sum up everything I've learned about Life...It goes on." -Robert Frost 
I’m filthy rich. 50% of this is true. 
Most of these women never go out of style...  
The Bacon Weave Grilled Cheese Sandwich!  #DudeFood 
Someone needs to open a bar called "The Gym". Then I too can be annoying on Facebook by posting how I'm always at the gym. 
I was going to read your political rant that you posted on Facebook, but I just went on living my life instead. 
I hate when I have to be embarrassed for someone. 
I think I may have peaked in Kindergarten. All I want from life is Oreos, milk, and naps. 
I'm in a serious relationship w/ my bed... Although sometimes I cheat w/ couch. It's usually a 1 night stand & it means nothing. 
Maybe we should all get drunk and tell each other everything we're too afraid to say when we're sober. 
I’m a leader. Not a follower. Unless it’s a dark place, then screw it you’re going first. 
Most girls are about 5 beers away from being my type. 
Best Advice: Don't be a douche. 
All women do this ->  
Insanity cures reality. 
I hope Karma slaps you in the face before I do. 
The question isn't "Will the Let me?" ...It's "How will they stop me?" #Truth 
I’m no cactus expert. But, I know a prick when I see one. 
Waiting for that one day where I'll get to ride a Kayak while it's strapped to the top of someone's car. 
At work, when you don't know what to do, just walk fast and look worried. #Truth 
LADIES: Don't forget to send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be this week's Men's Humor Hottie! 
Stupid shit guys say->  
I have high friends in places. 
Rule of math: If it seems easy, you're doing it wrong. 
There are so many scams on the internet these days, but for $19.95, I can show you how to avoid them... 
I can't stand this guy!  - sp 
Procrastination is like masturbation alike... It's all fun, but in the end you're just screwing yourself. 
It's Wednesday, get up and Carpe that fuckin' Diem! 
Total BS breakup lines...  
“I’ll just sleep for 5 more minutes..” *30 mins later* “SHIT!!” 
I pretty much spend all day, every day, just looking forward to going back to sleep. 
Dude…I was there, don’t try to change the story. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: I'd look good on you. 
When I die, I want my last words to be, "Staring contest, go!" 
Love that this guy is STILL using a disposable camera! #debate  
Get ready The debate is over and Candy Crowley is headed your way!! #4thMeal 
Romney has a binder of women...Obama has a TRAPPER KEEPER of women! 
Debate night always reminds me why I hate most of my Facebook friends. 
Coming soon to a store near you: Lisa Frank Binders of Women. 
Logging into Facebook during a #debate is like bringing home an ugly chick from the bar..it seemed like a good idea at the time... 
I feel a straight up rap battle coming on... #debate 
Gangbangers. 
That's the first time Obama gets to say to Romney "it's not as big as yours." 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the president thinks you're a chick. #KerryLadka 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you change the channel from the #Debate to #SonsOfAnarchy 
Watching the #debate… It's like watching two shoes argue over which one gets to kick me in the balls. 
I'm all about equality of women in the workplace...that will give men more time to drink beer and watch sports. 
Every time they go over 2 minutes, they should have 15 seconds to finish...then the shock collar around their neck should be triggered. 
This #debate is getting intense... Waiting for the crowd to start chanting, "JERRY! JERRY! JERRY!" 
Those politicians need to stop arguing all the time. Can’t they see they are upsetting all my friends on Facebook? #Debate 
Anybody watching the MLB playoffs instead of the #debate? ...Justin Verlander for President! 
These guys keep interrupting each other... would be proud. #debate 
I say we ditch these candidates and all vote for Felix Baumgartner #SpaceJump #Debate 
.@pizzahut asks, "Sausage or Pepperoni?" Candy Crowley answers, "All of the above." #debate 
In about 20 years, we’re going to have a generation where nobody can run for president because of the camera phone. #Debate 
Join us for the #Debate! We'll be tweeting live! ...look for Big Bird in the crowd. 
Whenever you feel bad, just remember that somewhere in the world there's an idiot pulling a door that says "Push". 
Regretting is Humanity's worst habit. 
H.S.I.O.T. = Holy Shit, It's Only Tuesday. 
Hey, sorry I missed your call. I saw your name on the caller ID and I didn’t want to ruin my day by talking to you. 
Every girl has told this lie.  
If this Tweet gets over 1,000 RT....absolutely nothing will happen. 
Hey guys, check this one out................1 
How to proceed with a one-night stand:  
#ThatShittyMoment when you're waiting for a website to load, only for it to finish loading once you've closed the browser. 
Sarcasm is humor with an attitude. 
Sometimes I look at certain people and think... "Really? That's the sperm that won?" 
Worst. Movie. Ever.  
Never trust the guy at the gym working out in normal clothes. 
Sluts are like haunted mansions. They're nice to look at from afar; but it's never a good idea to go in. That shit's haunted. 
My parents always said to me when I get my own house, I'd take pride in it and want to keep it clean. They were dead wrong. 
Every morning when I drive to work I think, "Who are these people still calling in to request a song on the radio?" 
For Halloween I’m going to write “Life” on a plain white T-shirt and hand out lemons to strangers. 
"LOL" = "Yep, I have nothing to say." 
I sure do feel a hell of alot more attractive at walmart than I do at the gym... 
The best nude scenes ever? Hell yeah!  
Every want to click on someone's facebook status and edit it for them? 
I’m no scientist but you’re an idiot. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when sluts hate on other sluts for being sluts. 
Dear this girl, you get an F for FAIL!  
There's no "I" in "Meat" ...but there is a "me" and "eat" ...Vegans cant argue with that logic. 
You scared bro?  
Would you?  
Mr. Rogers had the original Man Cave. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you see someone that looks like somebody you know, and you scream their name, and it's not them. 
They should make a beer called Mondays. That would be a case of the Mondays I wouldn't mind having. 
Guys, what's your favorite part of a woman?  
If Apple made a car, would it have Windows? #ZING 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie  
I know that booze is never the answer, but it's my best guess. 
I can never get anything done on Monday. I'm too busy mourning the loss of my weekend. 
My ex was the first to break the sound barrier, not Felix. 
They should have cell phone chargers in waiting rooms instead of magazines. 
Fact: 47% of employees are late to work on Mondays... I'm part of the 47%. 
I wouldn't hate my alarm clock so much if it woke me up with the smell of coffee and bacon. 
Hand jobs are like the #WNBA ...a cheap imitation of something that men do better. 
If you get arrested for drinking & driving, they should let you go if you can beat rainbow road on Mario Kart w/o falling off. 
"The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind." -Humphrey Bogart 
Thanks Felix Baumgartner...for giving me an awesome Halloween costume idea. #spacejump 
Music listened to during the #spacejump ...Tom Petty's "Free fallin'" 
So will we see the #spacejump on the top 10 plays on Sports Center tonight? 
I don't know what Felix was listening to when he jumped, but if it was me , I'd be jamming some 
Not only did Felix Baumgartner break the sound barrier, he's the first man who will never have to pay for beer again. #spacejump 
Ever wonder just how stupid the world is these days? Just take a look at the Twitter trending topics. 
It's Sunday! Time to drink to forget that tomorrow is Monday! 
LADIES: Hungover and think you still look hot? Take a photo and tweet it to with #HungoverHotties and we'll retweet the best! 
I haven't been this hungover since yesterday. 
Reality is just an illusion created by alcohol deficiency. 
They should change wording on “check engine” light to “this shit’s gonna cost ya”. 
My favorite thing about Saturdays: Pants Optional. 
Wanna get your lady in the mood tonight? Check out this free mp3 stream:  
If you go to school here, hopefully your team won today...  
Everyone pretends to die in front of their dog, just to see how they would react. 
Fatties, skin-tight clothing only works if the skin underneath is tight as well. 
Keep Calm and Tailgate on. #CollegeFootball 
Anybody else miss Kid's WB every Saturday morning and weekday afternoons? 
Ugh, Hungover...who’s this “moderation” people keep telling me to drink with? 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when your Friday Night Party collides with a Saturday Morning Sunrise. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you have to choose between bringing a girl home from the bar or getting drunk food with your friends. 
If you think women are the weaker sex, try pulling the blankets back to your side. #Truth 
Beer doesn't ask silly questions...Beer understands. 
If I had nothing left to complain about...I’d probably complain about that. 
These are all Men's Humor approved:  
Why the fuck are commercials louder than the TV shows! 
This week's Hotties are up! Click the link to vote:  
Now if you'll excuse me, today's bad decisions aren't going to make themselves. #HappyHour 
FACT: 92% of women will preface their parallel parking with "I suck at parallel parking." 
Guys and gals, remember that TODAY ONLY this shirt is $14.99!   
I have no desire for money...its all the stuff I want. 
"Not Dishwasher Safe" = Challenge Accepted. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you open a fun-size Starburst and get two pinks! 
I would die if I had to stop exaggerating. 
Being a lazy ass isn't working out for you? Try looking here  
Worst. Costume. Ever.  
It's Friday and I just DGAF  
Let's make tonight a night we won't remember! #Friday 
Now that Fall is here, do you think all the girls with duck-faces will fly south for the winter? 
It's time we give up on spandex. It was a great idea, but let's face it... the wrong people are wearing it. 
Apparently my coworkers don't understand "shared microwave etiquette." 
Every Thursday night I go out, forgetting about last Friday morning. #hungover 
No, baby, you weren't a one night stand. You were an audition...you just didn't get a call back! 
Keep Calm and Show Me Your Boobs. 
There are the same number of people on Facebook today as there were people in the whole world in 1804. #MindBlown 
Judge if you want, we are all going to die...I intend to deserve it! 
I think it's past both their bedtimes... #VPdebate 
Ah! It's almost my favorite part of the #VPdebate... The part when it's over. 
All jokes aside, at least we live in a country where we can have a #VPdebate #Merica 
I don't think Martha gives a Raddatz what either of these guys are saying. #ZING 
Fun Fact: Ryan's forehead muscles saved his son from being crushed by Biden's Buick once. #VPDebate 
What the debate looks like from over here...  
So, does Biden really think everything Ryan says is funny or did he smoke out before the debate? 
Both candidates are writing stuff down... Ryan is making changes to his work out schedule and Biden is play Mad Libs. 
Biden's cardiologist is backstage to keep an eye on that vein in his head. Ryan's mom is backstage. 
Paul Ryan stole his hairstyle from Ross on "Friends". #VPdebate 
Joe Biden has the nicest pair of dentures I have ever seen. #VPdebate 
Not sure if this is the #VPdebate or an Orbit gum commercial. #DirtyMouthCleanItUp #BidensGrin 
Join us in donating $1 or more to breast cancer research when Joe Biden says "malarkey"! #boobs #malarkey -  
If Biden slips and finally just says 'bullshit' finish your drink. #VPDebate 
Malarkey, drink. #VPdebate 
Fastest way to get drunk during the #VPdebate... drink every time you see that classic Biden grin. 
Drink every time #VPDebate moderator Martha Raddatz emasculates Jim Lehrer by being manlier than him. 
It's almost here! Time to play the VP #Debate Drinking Game!  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're going through your crush's facebook photos and accidently like one from 2009. 
I wonder if Paul Ryan was coached not to kiss his biceps when asked about Gun Control later tonight. 
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? Little Ceasars! #ZING 
We'll be watching the VP debate and tweeting live! Will you?!?!? Holla at us! 
The shyest girls do the craziest shit once you get to know them. #Truth 
FACT: The chance of dying on the way to buy a lotto ticket is higher than you winning. #MindBlown 
To all of you #Hotties out there, send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for the chance to be an OFFICIAL MH Hottie! 
Based on how fat kids are getting these days, we should call them Generation XL. 
Half the time I agree with people so they'll shut up. 
If you're here right now  #YoureDoingItRight 
BEST PICK UP LINE: You're not going to want my number after we have sex...you're going to want my autograph. 
Apparently today is both "National Coming Out Day" and "National Sausage Pizza Day" ...coincidence? 
Some of my coworkers are as useless as the "oven baking directions" on a Hot Pockets box. 
AWESOME: THE EVOLUTION OF HONEY BOO BOO'S MOM'S CHINS  
“It’s like yoga, except I still get to kill something.” -Ron Swanson (On fishing) 
Yes, I saw the 300 photos of your engagement ring on Facebook... Did you see the 300 photos of me not giving a shit? 
There's not enough coffee in the world for me to become a morning person. 
In the dark, it takes several seconds to find the hole and stick it in....freaking iPhone charger. 
I don't have to flirt...I'll just seduce you with my awkwardness. 
Pinterest is just fantasy football for chicks. 
I'm afraid of a world run by people who were never spanked as a kid and given a trophy just for participating. #Truth 
If it's dirty, but it's folded...it's not dirty. #ManLogic 
If I spill a drink on the floor, you can bet I'll use my sock to soak it up. 
It's not that I'm old, your music really does suck. 
If people could hear the next five seconds after I hit "end" on a call, I would have no friends. 
I want this NOW  #Bacon #Beer #Burgers 
I need to print some my Facebook friends' status updates on toilet paper so I can wipe my ass with them. 
The best part of a woman:  
Please stop telling me how poor you are via the Facebook App from your iPhone. 
I could really use a beer right now. 
A quiet man is a thinking man. A quiet woman is usually mad. #Truth 
Clearly, I am no match for your level of ignorance. 
If natural selection is real, how come ‘Honey Boo-Boo’ exists? 
Best. Costume. Ever.  #halloween 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when Taylor Swift dates an orange and can't write songs about the break up. #NothingRhymesWithOrangeBitch! 
I like kids. They remind me to buy more condoms. 
#EveryFamilyHas that one person you try to avoid around the holidays. 
I only call my voicemail to get rid of the voicemail icon. #Truth 
Immature: A word boring people use to describe fun people. 
Most of my mornings consist of me trying to avoid any human interaction. 
I've been around the block a few times...but then my neighbor realized I was drunk and helped me into my house. 
Alcohol is never the answer. (Unless, of course, you ask me what I'm doing this weekend.) 
Bacon, I love you.  
There's always that one person you regret giving your number to 
When my internet gets really slow, I beat down on the refresh button...I bet my computer thinks its owned by 
#JustRemember when you're feeling down, you were that one sperm that won the race. 
Screwing a mannequin is not an excuse to tell your friends you're banging a model. 
Bacon-Wrap Everything. 
Dear this lady, you #fail at life.  
Oh, you’re 18 and your boyfriend broke up with you? Please elaborate on how devastating and ruined your life is. 
⬅ Does not play well with stupid people. 
Take Life by the Balls. #BeAMan 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when somebody is doing the dishes and you slowly put another in the sink. 
This can't be real... Hungry Hungry Hippos: The movie ->  
Sleeves AKA napkins. #BachelorLife 
Republicans and Democrats... Different animals, same crap.  
What's the difference between an outlaw and an in- law? Outlaws are wanted. #classic 
Everyone should have internet access… but people should have to take a test before getting a keyboard. #FightStupidity 
I don't always have a hangover on Tuesday morning...but when I do, I know its football season! 
No matter how many times I do this "waking up and getting out of bed" thing, I still suck at it. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: I think you and I could make a pretty good bad decision together. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you see your X-Girlfriend and she is now your XL-girlfriend. 
New Drinking Game: Take a shot every time Tim Tebow is mentioned. Wait...there isn't enough alcohol in the world. 
Rex Ryan is really screwing Tebow by not putting him in the game. I knew Tim would lose his virginity some day, but not like this. 
Obligatory Tim Tebow tweet. 
The cast of "The Office" gets paid more to pretend to work than I do to actually work. #MindBlown 
Jets, Bite the pillow...looks like the Texans are going in dry. #MNF 
Dogs > Cats  
Why did the Mexican push his wife off the cliff? Tequila! #ZING 
Somebody turn off neck tie. 
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before. 
"Instead of watching Monday Night Football, I'll be watching the WNBA playoffs." Said Nobody, ever. 
How much Tebow are we going to see tonight? 
So, does anyone think The Jets have a chance tonight or is it gonna be Houston FTW? #MNF 
Even if I'm watching Jeopardy alone, I still yell the answers out loud. 
Awkward...  
Hmmm I wonder...  
A good neighbor is someone that doesn't put a password on their Wi-Fi. 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie  
May your life be as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook. 
The biggest lie I tell myself is "I don't need to write that down, I'll remember it." 
Dear all of these women  I love you. 
The first half of my day is usually spent just passing the time until lunch. 
Makes sense.  
What if the Mayan Calendar ends in 5105, and we're just been holding it upside down? #MindBlown 
Life is short. Drink good beer. 
Probably our closest contest yet! Vote for your favorite Hottie:  
Pull out your winter coat.. find money in the pockets. #Winning 
She watches Sunday football with you all day... Wife that girl. 
The weekend = FOOTBALL! RT if you love this time of the year. 
Rihanna should date the Saints... They don't beat anybody. #NFL 
The only thing I have ever used Internet Explorer for is to download Firefox. 
Misery loves Whiskey. 
Damn Good Game #NCAAfootball 
Best Game On: UT v. WV 
Notre Dame's helmet is the football equivalent to an Affliction shirt. 
Everyone has a friend that calls you to tell you "I love you man" when they're drunk. 
Who says "nothing is impossible." ? I've been doing nothing for years. 
The less you care, the happier you'll be. #Truth 
Who's ready to tailgate?  
I want to be rich enough to realize that I can’t buy happiness. 
Saturday! What's the #GameToWatch? 
You’d think the crescent roll’s packages would have a warning like: May blow your hand off if opened correctly. 
One more round. #BeAMan 
"There are way too many hot, slutty women in this bar." said No Man, ever. 
Regret something you did, rather than something you never tried. #BeAMan 
You can pretend that we are strangers but I’ve seen you naked before. 
Whiskey never disappoints. 
The older you get, the smarter your father will seem. #Truth 
Condoms: Because that 1 girl you banged banged 17 guys that banged 299 girls that banged 1,012 guys that banged 8,023 girls. 
HOTTIES ARE UP! Click the link to vote for your favorite:  
My next house will have no kitchen...Just a couple vending machines and a large trash can. 
21 Facebook Features That Need to Exist!  
I'm tired from doing nothing at work all day. 
Fellas, the biggest lie a woman will tell you...  
My penis is very polite. Always stands up so a woman has a place to sit. 
AskHole: a person who constantly asks for your advice, then does the exact opposite. 
Your secrets are safe with me because I zone out everytime you speak. 
Why getting married is never a good idea  #FridayFails 
Microsoft should start making vacuum cleaners... Then they will have 1 product that doesn't suck. 
Happy #FF! Here's a list of #MustFollow's -> 
A man using the new Apple maps walks into a bar... or maybe a hotel. or possibly a church. 
Getting up to realize it's Friday is like waking up next to someone that is way out of your league. 
It's funny how fast you can get up in the morning once you realize you've overslept. 
I have this weird fetish where I like to sleep with attractive and smart women... 
When I hear someone say "YOLO", I reply with "EYLO" ...End Your Life Once. 
I don't think "that's what she said" will ever not be funny... #maturity 
Don't be a douche. #BeAMan 
This is why a billion people shouldn't be allowed to use Facebook  
Facebook has 1 billion users? If I had $10 for every time I read something interesting on Facebook feed, I'd be poor as shit. 
I want to take a Yoga Class, but I can't trust my farts. #FirstWorldProblems 
It only counts if you saw a nipple. 
LADIES: Send your pics & Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be this week's Men's Humor Hottie! 
Personal Goal: To be just the right amount of crazy to make everyone else doubt their sanity. 
You know what is sweeter than the laughter from a child? The sound of silence from not having any kids. 
It's Thors-day = Time to get hammered! 
If you're doing it here  #YoureDoingItWrong 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is "act natural, you're innocent". 
If you type "Do A Barrel Roll" into the Google Search, the whole page will spin. #MindBlown 
Natural selection will do away with some people in time… but artificial selection is much faster. 
I need to marry a girl like this  
My boss told me there is no i in team... There's no b, c, d, f, g, h, j, k, l, n, o, p, q, r, s, u, v, w, x, y, or z in team either. 
After last night's debate, I'm still on team DGAF. Get these here:   
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you run into your Ex, and she got fat! 
#ThrowbackThursday A rock under the slip n' slide could ruin your day/life. 
I quit drinking...every night when I go to sleep. 
Half-Drunk is a waste of money. 
Pretending to tolerate other people is exhausting. 
The line on the screen splitting the canidates is brought to you by Aquafresh toothpaste. 
Obama keeps texting during the #debate... You think Michelle is sexting him? 
This debate is a lot funnier if you imagine that is texting while is talking. #debate 
Watching the #debate... all I'm thinking about is how SNL is going to make fun of it... 
Watching the political #debate… It's like watching two shoes argue over which one gets to kick me in the balls. 
How is Kony gunna win this election if he doesn't even show up for the #debate? 
Let's get #JoeThePlumber trending...for old time's sake! 
"I'm voting Republican, The Democrats left a Bad taste in my mouth." -Monica Lewinsky 
Debate: Sarah Palin's natural enemy. 
Guys, the best part of a woman:  
Someday, if we all go to prison for illegally downloading music, I hope they split us up by music genre. #Truth 
Tonight's Forecast: 100% chance of people sharing their #debate opinions with a 0% chance of me giving a fuck. 
Love sex? Then you'll love getting 50% off any sex toy + 3 free DVDs & free shipping at  w/ code: MH 
Who's playing this tonight?!?!  
Handle Your Shit. #BeAMan 
A woman’s anger is like a Check Engine light. There’s no easy way to know what caused it, so just ignore it and hope it goes away. 
I'll take all of these please  
I look like I participate in marathons…of television shows on my couch. 
This sunny weather makes me want to drink... Actually, all weather makes me want to drink. 
A presidential #debate tonight? I have a better Idea. Obama and Romney: 5 Rounds in The Octagon. 
Having a bad day? This should fix it:  
You're only young once, but you can be immature forever. 
October is proof that food tastes better shaped like a pumpkin. 
The worst = Accidentally connecting eyes with another guy while eating a banana. 
I think I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead. #HateWork 
I hate the part of the morning where I have to get out of bed and actually participate in life. 
Due to tonight's lack of sleep, tomorrow has been canceled. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you get drunk within walking distance of 
Dear People, I don't mean to sound slutty, but use me whenever you want. Love, Grammar 
If you’re going to hire a moving company, make them all play Tetris first and choose the one who gets the highest score. 
All I need are the basics in life...like a castle with a moat. 
The Presidential Debates start tomorrow? I hope my Facebook Feed is ready for all the unintelligent bullshit coming it's way. 
If she tells you this  #Time2Bail 
I'm not too good with spelling and grammar...is it milfs or milves? 
At least once in your life, we've all tried to balance the light switch between the On and Off position. 
First Aid Kit? You mean, Duct Tape? #BeAMan 
Ladies, they’re called scents, not flavors. I shouldn't be able to taste your perfume. 
This has to be Ron Swanson's cat:  
It’s very important that everyone gets a flu shot this year so I don’t have to. 
If I had $10 every time I read something intelligent on my Facebook feed...I'd be poor as shit. 
If you live here:  You know how to party! 
Happiness = watching a video before it's loaded and having the progress bar be 1 second ahead of the time so it never lags. 
#BeAMan and call her first. 
"You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on." -Dean Martin 
"I am up for anything." -Penises 
Whiskey: The Ultimate Cure for Insomnia 
The only thing that worked for the Dallas Cowboys tonight...  
BEST PICK UP LINE: You can stay...but your shirt has to go. 
After the game,Tony Romo threw his helmet towards the sideline in disgust and that too was intercepted 
Breaking News: Jerry Jones is demanding that Tony Romo be put on a liquid diet to prevent choking. 
Romo should dress up as a Quarterback for halloween. 
Thanks Tony Romo, that was the funniest thing on TV all night. #MNF 
Unsure if Depression is kicking, or just really fucking love my bed. 
The first piece of bread is the Ginger Kid of the loaf. 
Men: No shoes, no shirt = No Service. Women: No shoes, no shirt = Free Beer! 
My keyboard needs a removable crumb tray like my toaster. 
Call in sick tomorrow and do this!  
The hardest part about a Zombie Apocalypse is pretending I'm not excited. 
If you're over 20, you lived through 2 palindrome years (1991 and 2002). That won't happen for another 980 years. #MindBlown 
She's a Dallas Cowboy Cheerleader. #ShesAKeeper 
Sometimes I wish I was a bird, so I could fly over them and shit on their heads. 
Da Bears or Da Boys, who ya got? #MNF #NFL 
Attention Coworkers, if you don't want a sarcastic answer, then don't ask a stupid question. 
The best part of a woman...  
BEST PICK UP LINE: Girl, you should sell hotdogs, because you already know how to make a wiener stand. 
If Bart Simpson was a real person today, he would be 34-years old. #MindBlown 
I want to throw a party with non-alcoholic beer and see how many people "get wasted". 
If this was me, I would probably end my life.  
It's flu season, remember that a tequila sunrise has plenty of vitamin C. 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie winner  
My ex is living proof as to how stupid I can be. 
.@JustinBieber threw up on stage? Is she pregnant? or did she just hear her own music? 
Justin Bieber vomits on stage = Awesome  
FACT: Friendships with coworkers are based on a mutual hatred for your jobs. 
I don't wanna participate in life this morning. 
Dear Monday, Fuck off. Sincerely, everyone. 
Two hours left to vote on your favorite hottie!  
When you were a kid there was nothing more satisfying as when you made the honking signal to the truck driver and he honked back. 
🍺:30 
Woh, MTV is playing Dumb and Dumber! Nevermind, this is 16 and Pregnant. 
If at first you don't succeed, try drinking a beer while you do it. You'll be amazed of how much less you care. 
Can't believe my neighbor is mowing his lawn in the middle of the afternoon. I'm trying to focus on being hungover. 
Last night was so awesome, Morgan Freeman should have narrated it. 
The Sunday hangover... Nothing a few beers and the NFL can't handle. 
You can tell a lot about a person based on their favorite Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle. #Truth 
Photo-bombing a random stranger never gets old. 
Never make fun of a fat chick with a lisp. She's probably thick and tired of it. #ZING 
I will stop drinking when Captain Morgan puts his foot down. 
I will stop drinking when Captain Morgan puts his foot down. 
Good call:  #WinnieCooper 
Kelly Kapowski, DJ Tanner, and Topanga. Just found a link about what they're up to today. Awesome.  
"Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity." -George Carlin 
Whiskey is sunlight, held together by water. #DayDrink 
YOU TELL US! What's the #GameToWatch today? 
Screw Snoozin', I got some day drinking and football watching to do. 
Snooze Away...It's Saturday! 
i'm way too durnk to drink. #Durnk 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when your Ex-girlfriend sees you getting a hot chicks number. 
"Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here is my Ear." -Vincent Van Gogh 
Beer and Women. The cause and solution to all of life's problems. 
"The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind." -Humphrey Bogart 
If my 5th grade D.A.R.E. officer knew what I was going to be doing tonight, he'd be pretty upset. #BeerMe 
Beer and Beer and Beer and Beer and Beer and Beer and Beer and Beer #Weekend 
Hot chick, full frontal hug. Ugly chick, awkward side hug. 
You know it's going to be a great story when it starts out with "So, this one bitch..." 
It's another tough call this week ... Hotties are up!  
Lazy Rule #1 - If it's not on the first search page of Google, it doesn't exist. 
These people know how to party:  #college 
I never run with scissors. (those last two words were unnecessary.) 
"Always trust people who like big butts, for they cannot lie." -Confucius (I think) 
It's pretty safe to say that if anyone steals my idenity, they will probably improve my credit score. 
Hey! Today only this is $14.99!   
It's Friday… where do you think you'll be 10 beers from now? 
I bought a pack of gum... I don't need a 3ft receipt. 
What's the difference between a slut and a bitch? A slut sleeps with everyone. A bitch sleeps with everyone but you. 
Fact: Alarms can be snoozed, but a full bladder waits for no man. 
I'm dipping my pizza in my beer...I think I'm onto something here. 
I don't know why beer companies bother with an expiration date... it's never going to make it anywhere near that. 
Crocs: The cheapest form of birth control. 
I like to refer to Thursday as "Thor's-day" ...mainly because I plan on getting hammered. 
First say "eye" then spell "map" then say "ness". #Maturity 
The only thing other than football that I'm interested in this weekend ->  #NFL 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the NFL admits that the Replacement Refs were actually former employees of Foot Locker. 
Ladies, if a man says he will fix it, he will. No need to remind him every 6 months about it. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: We don't have to have sex, let's just get naked and see what happens. 
Need a Halloween costume? Dress up like a Replacement Referee. You dress up like a Referee, but with a blindfold on. 
LADIES! Hotties are posted tomorrow so send your pics & Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com if you wanna be in the running! 
Dating a Slut is like eating ...the Tossed Salads are endless! 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize you were more excited for the Ref Lockout to end than the NBA lockout. 
"I'm not like most girls." -Most Girls #classic 
If you drive one of these, you're a douchebag!
 
Autocorrect is a who're! 
We LOL'd  
My headphones = My personal "DO NOT DISTURB" sign. 
I might not be able to kick your ass, but I have a black belt in sarcasm. 
"Keep Calm and Swanson."  
Today is National Thank You Day. Thank you, beer. You will never know how much I appreciate you. 
Dear this kid, your parents HATE you...  
Tonight I plan on rescuing a lot of beer that are trapped in bottles. #HelpingOut 
The first ingredient of Ramen...  
Popped collars: Only for douchebags and vampires. 
Thursday is not Friday, but tonight I plan on drinking like it is. 
It's too hot for covers, but I can't sleep without the feeling of them on me. #FirstWorldProblems 
"Everything is amazing and nobody is happy." -Louis C.K. 
The "I was speeding because I have to take a shit" excuse should always get you out of a ticket. 
Who wants to play The Penis Game...PENIS!!! 
#VideoGamesIGrewUpWith  
#MentionAnAddiction ❒ Bacon ❒ Beer ✔ Chicks in Yoga Pants 
Ladies, confidence is sexy. Just don’t overdo it, nobody likes an arrogant bitch. 
Dear Users, If you're gonna cry, use a tissue and not your FB Status. Love, Facebook 
The only entertaining thing about fantasy football:  
Love sex? Then you'll love getting 50% off any sex toy + 3 free DVDs & free shipping at  w/ code: MH 
Keys, Wallet, Phone: Three things I'm happy to see after a night of drinking. 
I need to leave Facebook until after the election so I can maintain respect for some of my friends. 
No matter how sick you are, you're never too sick to play video games. #Truth 
If she does this ->  #ShesAKeeper 
I'm never really sure if I'm hungry or just bored. 
If you ever want to know how clean someone really is, look inside their microwave. #Truth 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but she's had more people inside her than the statue of liberty. 
Dear this girl, you fail.  
SINGLE: Shit, I'm Not Getting Laid Everyday. 
"No comment" = I agree with the response that will get me in trouble. 
If you see a fat person wearing skinny jeans this morning remember to say, "Top of the muffin to ya!" 
You don’t know fear until you hear someone cough underneath your bed. 
Wake Up. Get out of Bed. Go drink with your friends. #BeAMan 
Keep Calm and Drink Whiskey...and lots of it. 
Did you hear about Justin Bieber's new release? ...it's all over some guys back. 
AMAZING Halloween Costume Idea.  
If you don't like the movie of your life, find the courage to rewrite the script. #Truth 
The only reason to watch this movie...  
Cheer Up. Right now, somebody, somewhere, is thinking about you naked. 
#ThingsYouDontSayToMe The Replacement Refs are doing a good job. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you check out your reflection in a parked car window, only to see somebody staring back at you. 
Angry people who can't take a joke have no idea how hilarious they are to those of us who can. 
Guys, if you could be Tom Brady or Rob Gronkowski, who would you be? 
Friend Zone = Terrible...Friends with Benefits Zone = Awesome! 
I'm multi-talented. I have the ability to talk AND piss you off at the same time. 
LADIES: Send your pics & Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be in this week's running for Men's Humor Hottie! 
I’m not a Rocket Scientist...but you’re an idiot. 
If you went to school here:  #YoureDoingItRight 
Bored at work? You can't hum while holding your nose. Try it. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you spell a word correctly, but it looks so wrong so you stare at it forever questioning its existence. 
Democrats and Republicans: Different animals, same shit.  
When signing a letter with "Regards" remember that the T and G key are very close... 
Dear this kid, your parents hate you...  
#RealMen like curves, only dogs go for bones. 
Another day at work... I'm having as much fun as a colorblind person playing twister. 
Wake up and be awesome! 
Dear sleep, I'm sorry we broke up this morning. I want you back. 
The Replacement Refs make me miss the XFL. 
(-.(-.(-.(-.(-.(-.(-.-).-).-).-).-).-).-) The Chinese Mafia is watching YOU! 
Open another beer. #BeAMan 
Truth.  
Indecision may or may not be my problem. 
True #90s kids know this->  
Aaron Rodgers stays in the pocket more than my condoms in high school. #Sacked 
If you're doing it here, you're doing it wrong:  
Green Bay/Seattle, who ya got? #MNF 
The 5 symptoms of Laziness. 1.) 
"We're not watching #MNF, let's watch Netflix." #Time2Bail #CMONMAN 
Work is over, you want a drink, get one. No excuses. #BeAMan 
Your beliefs don't make you a better person. Your behavior does. #Truth 
If she tells you this ->  #Time2Bail 
I don't always drink beer...bu-wait, who am I kidding? I always drink beer. 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie  
If a chick "Vajazzles", is it ok to move forward, or #Time2Bail? 
If the Kool-Aid Man got drunk and knocked down a wall, would anybody really blame it on the alcohol? 
It never feels right cursing in front of your parents. 
FAIL!  
Some people can't laugh at themselves. That's my job. 
Back in my day we had 9 planets. 
Monday AKA my liver's weekend. 
is it just me or am I the only idiot still up at this ungodly hour? 
That one girl who you're crazy about, ask her out. #BeAMan 
Don't forget to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie. Voting ends tonight!  
If you don't like football, I don't like you. 
Dear #NFL, I think I speak for everyone when I say BRING THE REAL REFS BACK!!! 
The amount of food I can prepare during a commercial break is incredible. 
It's Sunday, which #NFL game are YOU watching! 
When it's football season, it's never too early for a beer. 
Lingerie Football League. That's worthy of a tweet in itself. 
I don't plan on going to church today, but I do plan on worshiping football. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: So, how fast can you run? 
#TheWorstFeelingIs having to work on the weekend. 
How to satisfy a man: 1) Show up naked. 2) Bring beer. 
If somebody hates you for no reason...give that asshole a reason. 
#IHatePeopleWho...who am I kidding, I hate people! 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but if you kicked her in the vagina, you'd lose a shoe. 
"I hate to advocate drug, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me." -Hunter S. Thompson 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you don't know if a chick is into you, or just really likes emoticons. 
What the fuck is Gangnam Style...nevermind, I don't want to know. 
True tailgaters have been up and going at it for hours now. #NCAAfootball 
I hate cops...unless it's RoboCop, he's fucking awesome. 
What are you bringing back home tonight? ❒ Food ❒ Hottie from the bar ✔ All of the above 
Bring somebody home tonight. 
Some of the dumbest shit trends on Twitter. 
You call it "Immature" and "Irresponsible". ...I call it fun. 
Plans for Tonight? ❒ 1 drink ❒ 2 drinks ✔ Stopped counting after 10. 
Hey Asshole, the car manufacturers put a Turn Signal in your car for a reason. 
I love the power of the disapproving head shake. 
Shit could always be worse. #WordsToRemember 
HOTTIES are up! Click the link to vote for your favorite:  
"Keep Calm and Swanson."  
"Clear Alcohol is for rich women on Diets." -Ron Swanson 
Don't trust people who don't cuss. 
If you had to choose between your girlfriend and winning the lottery…What kind of car would you buy first? 
Don't be this guy...  
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you drop something, and then catch it mid-air. 
We have a few left!   
"Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid." -John Wayne 
With all of the advancements in technology, how come an elevator button still cannot be un-pushed?!? 
So, this is going to be hilarious...  - sp 
Pretending to be a nice person all day is exhausting. 
I've got 98.998 problems and rounding up numbers is one of them. 
What's the easiest way to pay an aspiring actor? Roll down the window, hand him the cash, take the food and drive away. 
If my boss knew how unproductive I am on Fridays, he wouldn't want me here either. 
Dear Tomorrow, get ready...you will be my Bitch. 
It would be a lot cooler if getting "Black Out" Drunk meant that everyone else forgot too. 
I like people, I really do...it's the things they say, think, and do that I can't stand. 
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. #Truth 
Attention Fatties, just cuz it's called Spandex, doesn't mean it should be put to the "how far can it expand" test. 
Looks like Eli is showing us who the true #MANning is. 
Thou shall never refer to thyself in the Third Person. #ComMANdments 
Relationship Advice: The person with the longest text message response time has the upper hand. 
I'm the guy standing behind you in the Express Check Out lane, counting the number of items you have out loud. 
To all the people who think they don't need deodorant...what the hell would make you think that? 
Cam vs. Eli. I gotta ask...who ya got? 
I miss being able to slam my phone shut when I hang up on somebody. Violently pressing "end call" just doesn't do it for me. 
Saying “What?” And then realizing what they said a second later. 
Love sex? Then you'll love getting 50% off any sex toy + 3 free DVDs & free shipping at  w/ code: MH 
If your story doesn't end with "and thats when the cops showed up" I don't wanna hear about it. 
Don't be sexist...bitches hate that. 
<- This guy needs a beer  
There is no evidence to support the notion that life is serious. #Truth 
This had to hurt...  
I'm so sarcastic, even I can't tell when I'm being sincere. 
Never trust a woman who's "fine". 
Tonight marks the return of Ron Swanson. Let's party:  
Do the Chinese realize that when they're visiting America, they buy souvenirs made in their own country? #MindBlown 
"Keep Calm and Swanson"  
Morning sex is like foreplay for the day. 
In the morning, there is a HUGE difference between 7:00 and 7:05 #Snooze 
Life always offers you a second chance. It's called "Tomorrow". 
I've been awake for long enough in my lifetime to know that I prefer sleep. 
I spend more time actually looking for a movie on Netflix than actually watching it. #Truth 
Thou shall never make eye contact with another man while using the urinal. #comMANdments 
You can't treat people like shit and expect them to like you. #LifeTruth 
"Life goes on, man." -The Big Lebowski 
She does this?  #ShesAKeeper 
I wish I could just “like” a text so I didn’t have to respond. 
What do you guys think of the #iOS6 upgrade? 
Texting + Facebook = Textbook (so, I'm studying, right?) 
#iusedtothink it was big news when Lindsay Lohan got arrested...now it's a daily occurrence. 
#iusedtothink it would be cool to be an adult...now I'm older and it sucks! 
Don’t worry. I forgot your name too. #ThingsSaidAfterAOneNightStand 
DAMN RIGHT!  
If you ever ask me "Do you have a sec?" , I will respond with "I have a lot of secs." #Maturity 
FACT: Chicks like abs. Here's the quick way to ripped.  - sp 
Women: the only problem I don’t mind "wrestling" with. 
Keep Calm and Have a Beer. 
"I don't know." = the answer I give when I'm too lazy to think. 
What is the most underrated comedy and why? We'll RT the best! 
I can't walk through the metal detectors at the airport...mainly cuz my abs of steel set them off. 
#RealMen know this...  #beer #food #awesome 
Remember before the internet when people ate food and didn't need to tell everyone about it? 
Real danger = When you don't understand someone, but you say yes anyways. 
She recognizes Hump Day and celebrates accordingly... #ShesAKeeper 
It's Wednesday! You can do it! I believe in you!! And if you can't......there's still beer. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: We're like hot chocolate and marshmallows. You're hot and I want to be on top of you. 
I usually don't talk to people who use the word "Swag" , but when I do, I ask for my meal to be Super-Sized. 
Giving someone the middle finger is basically saying "I want to punch you so bad, my fist has a boner." 
Have you ever had sex here?  
Summer should have gotten pregnant, then we all would have had 9 months off. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're searching for your crush on Facebook and accidentally set her name as your status. 
Why the fuck are you driving under the speed limit when you were in such a hurry to pull out in front of me? 
The words that make you remember every bad thing you've ever done in your life = "I need to talk to you." 
LADIES: Send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be this week's Men's Humor Hottie! 
Cougars: The younger women may have the energy, but they have the experience. 
"Sorry, I didn't see your text." #ShitGuysSay ->  
Good Friends ask for a beer. Best Friends go straight to your refrigerator and grab one. 
Cleavage: The only thing you can look down on and approve of at the same time! 
Everybody pretends to not notice the money while "reading" their birthday card. 
Happy National Cheeseburger Day!  
Ouch!  
"When I eat, the food is scared" -Ron Swanson 
I miss the days when the floor was hot LAVA. 
Are you worthy? Get 'em while they last.   
No matter how much Axe body spray you use, it's impossible to cover up the smell of desperation. 
Don't make me regret letting you merge into my lane. 
Success stops when you do. #Truth 
If the Broncos had my Madden 13 skills, they'd be unstoppable. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when Peyton Manning throws 3 interceptions in one quarter, then a commercial of him dressed as a fairy comes on TV. 
If your beer requires a fruit topping, you need to re-think your choice of beer. 
#ThatAwkawardMoment when you say "hey" to someone on facebook chat and then 5 seconds later thay sign out. 
Question of the night: how many interceptions does Manning have to throw until he's benched? 
Wait, did Peyton Manning get traded to the Broncos or the Falcons? 
Atlanta Falcons showing us that #MNF is a whole different game of football. #Touchdown 
The No Huddle Offense is like picking up a chick at a bar...if you don't have experience, you're out of the game quick. #Interception 
Football: The Ultimate Cure for Mondays. #MNF 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to revoke Mike Ditka's Man Card and you get your #ManCardRevoked 
Anybody check out Ditka's pocket square on ? #ManCardRevoked 
This had to hurt...  
A new study showed that birthdays are good for your health. Apparently, people who have more birthdays live longer. 
About an hour until #MNF! Broncos and Falcons, who ya got? 
Hey Life, when I asked if my day could get any worse, it was a rhetorical question, not a challenge. 
"It's God's job to judge the terrorists...it's our mission to arrange the meeting." -U.S. Marines 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie  
"Awesome, I love this game. Can I be Player 2?" #ShesAKeeper 
Every guy can appreciate this!  - sp 
You unfriended me? Wow, you sure taught me a lesson. 
Silence is the best answer to a stupid question. 
Guys, you know you've said this...  
"The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind." - Humphrey Bogart 
This should make your Monday better...  
If you think you're having a bad day just picture a T-Rex trying to masturbate. 
Mondays = God's punishment for what you did over the weekend. 
No matter how early I wake up for class, I always have to rush to make it there on time. 
The replacement referees are like a pair of fake boobs...we can still play with them, but the real ones are much better. 
"There's way too much football on TV." Said Nobody, ever. 
I would take a drink every time #RG3 did something amazing, but I'd be drunk by the first half of the game. 
#RG3 Unbelievable. 
She's just as excited to watch football on Sunday... #ShesAKeeper 
Football is here! Now my Sundays can be filled with meaningful drinking instead of just drinking because tomorrow is Monday. 
A couple beers down and a couple quarters into some football! Damn I love the #NFL! 
58008 <- Turn this tweet upside down. #maturity 
I stay up late every night. Regret it every morning. Then do it again. 
People need to watch out...can't they see I'm driving and texting? 
Game On = Drink On 
A great reason to watch college football today...  
#EverybodyHasThatOneFriend who knows way too many Football stats, but never played the game a single day in his life. 
Fellas, what game are we watching today? #NCAAfootball 
Hungover. 
C.W.I. = Chillin' While Intoxicated. 
Why? Because Alcohol, that's why. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you go to a strip club, only to see your mom on stage. 
They brought my appetizer at the same time as my meal. #FirstWorldProblems 
It's Friday night... So many innocent beers have no idea what's coming for 'em. 
Bored? Watch this!  
Its #Friday and its #HappyHour, what's your #DrinkOfChoice? 
Stop posting photos of your baby on Facebook. Seriously, nobody gives a shit. #TruthTweet 
Men's Humor Hotties are up! Click the link to vote for your favorite:  
#FridayRule: If it takes you longer than 5 minutes to find a parking spot, you don't have class today. 
It's Friday, hold on... I'm searching for a fuck to give. 
It's Friday! Spend $25 in the shop and get free shipping! coupon code: HUMOR25   
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you’re not sure if something is really a memory or if your brain made it up. 
Girls take note! Men find this sexy:  
Truth = No one makes a PB&J sandwich like my mom. 
Our new lawyers.  
I love when my boss catches me actually doing work. 
Rebecca Black pops into my head at least once every Friday #FML 
Rise and shine... it's #Friday! #FuckYa 
Any suggestions for some late night drunk-food? I'm looking at you 
In awkward situations, we all pretend to text. 
One lucky iPhone 5 is out there, all excited and brand new, with no clue how much I'm gonna use it on the toilet. 
"If you don't have enemies, you don't have character." -Paul Newman 
Exhaustipated: Too tired to give a shit. #WordOfTheDay 
Adulthood. Both a gift and a curse. 
If she does this, she's a keeper  
How to kill a Spider: Get a piece of tissue paper, approach it slowly, and very carefully, burn the house down. 
You never realize how weird your friends are until you start to describe them to someone else. #Truth 
LADIES! Don't forget to send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be a Men's Humor Hottie! 
At exactly 12 minutes, 12 secs after 12 o’ clock on December 12th, the time will be 12:12:12, 12/12/12. #MindBlown 
#ThingsPeopleSayAfterABreakup  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't tell if you caught a hot chick staring at you, or if she caught you staring at her. 
Guys, the best tips for talking to chicks:  - sp 
You should be wearing this shirt at work today. Get it ->   
Food? Good. Sex? Good. Food AND Sex? Great! 
Is it lunch yet?  
No matter how awesome smart phones get, the classic Nokia Snake game will always be the best. 
Spending today complaining about yesterday won't make tomorrow any better. #BestAdvice 
"All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner." - Red Skelton 
Life was much simpler when my biggest dilemma in life was deciding what Pop-Tart to eat for breakfast. 
Internet > Sleep 
Women who don't wear underwear never get their panties in a bunch. #JustSayin 
#MoviesYouCantDislike  
"I could watch him play video games for hours" #ShesAKeeper 
"In general, I try never to speak with people." -Ron Swanson 
This is so awesome! Would you do this?  #RedBull 
We may never know who wins in "Man vs. Food", but we always know the toilet is definitely going to lose. 
The internet should have a place where you can officially register as an "Ass Guy" or "Boob Guy". 
"Boys fuck things up. Girls are fucked up." -Louis C.K. 
I can't believe I work this hard to be this poor. 
Beaver Dam: When a lesbian cockblocks another lesbian. 
"It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game." -Losers 
I would probably buy the #iPhone5 if it kept me from drunk dialing my exes. 
Sarcasm: The human body's natural defense to morons. 
Woh! The new iPhone 5 looks awesome!  
All men should know this:  
I would call my coworkers complete idiots... but that would mean that they have actually completed something. 
If prostitutes were ever on Groupon, you would literally get more bang for your buck. 
I laugh even more harder when I'm trying to explain why I'm laughing. 
Who the hell still calls in to request a song on the radio? 
The drunker I get, the more everything else looks like a Piñata. 
Your Homework: Go on Google, type in "50 Most Popular Women", Click on the first link, check out #7, Laugh. 
#BandsYouCantDislike "NickelBack" -Said Nobody, ever. 
The world would be a much better place if it was Bacon-Wrapped. 
boobs. 
I drink so I can Tolerate others. 
Real men know that the new #madden13 is awesome.  - sp 
I don't know if life is getting better, of the amount of fucks I give is slowly dwindling. 
Fuck: ❒ You ❒ Me ✔ Off! 
Just because you can reproduce, doesn't mean you should. #Truth 
Roger Clemens is the Brett Favre of the MLB. #GiveItUpAlready 
Which Jingle Band is worse,  or Red Stripe Beer? 
Ladies, stop saying "All Guys are the same"...all the guys YOU LIKE are the same, don't blame all of us cuz you're into douchebags. 
Obviously you don't think you're ignorant! That's the meaning of ignorance! 
Want!  
I don't know if the ignorance level in the world is rising, or I'm becoming less tolerant of dumb asses. 
Dear this woman, I think I love you  sp 
If I forget my iPhone when going to the bathroom, I don't care if its the directions on toothpaste, I'm reading it. 
How do you roll?  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you’re telling a story and you notice nobody is listening, so you slowly fade out and pretend you said nothing. 
What men find sexy about women ->  #truth #sp #sexy 
The straight whiskey diet is successful if you're trying to lose 2, maybe 3 friends. 
My idea of a balanced diet is a beer in each hand. 
Wake and Bacon. 
My bladder needs a snooze button. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you have to think of an excuse not to hang out with someone because you’d rather stay home. 
It's amazing how much more bearable Mondays are when the NFL is back. 
Life is way too short to spend it with people who suck the joy of you. #Truth 
Having a shitty Monday? Remember, you're somebody's reason to masturbate. 
Every man has told this lie once  sp 
Fact: "Obsessed" is a word lazy people use to describe Dedicated People. 
Teenagers today should have a class where they get punched in the face. #Truth 
I've never gone to bed with an ugly chick but I've sure woken up next to a few. #BeerLogic 
If she does this ->  #ShesAkeeper #sp #ftw 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene comes on. 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie  
Throwing random stuff at people then acting like it wasn't you = Always Funny. 
I spent my entire childhood wishing I was older. Now I'm older...and it sucks. 
It's always awesome when my blinker matches the beat of the song on the radio. 
My coworkers irritate me on Monday...and any other day ending in "y". 
I don't have a problem with idiots... I have a problem with the fact they they have an internet connection. 
Everybody is thinking it, so I'm just gunna say it... Monday, fuck off! 
"I'll take Andrew Luck over Peyton Manning." #ThingsNobodyWouldSay 
Way to go Colts...great idea getting rid of Peyton Manning...just great. #Sarcasm 
My parents still double click everything. 
Voting ends tonight! Don't forget to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie here:  
I've yet to find a woman as loyal as my dog. 
What’s the quickest way to lose over 100 pounds? Dump your girlfriend. 
Behold, Disney Douchebags...  #sp #disney 
Me, this morning...  
Hello Sunday morning hangover, not so good to see you again. 
Even if your team doesn't win, party like they did. #SaturdayNight 
Even if your team doesn't win, party like they did. #SaturdayNight 
Ladies, if you're going to watch football with us, bring snacks…a full man is a happy man. 
Game On = Drink On 
During the next time-out, take a minute to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie!  
#LetsBeHonest. Everyone has acted like they had Super Powers when walking in front of an automatic door. 
If she asks “Is this game almost over yet?” #Time2Bail 
MEN! Read this now  #tips #men #sp 
Thou shall never wear a Fanny Pack. #comMANdments 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you forget to press send on a text and you're sitting there like an moron waiting for a reply. 
Game Day Rule #1 : Drink beer. Out of the bottle or can...Solo Cups are acceptable. 
It's time for some #NCAAfootball!!! What's gonna be the game to watch? 
Gotta hangover only college football can cure. 
Best WiFi Router Name: FBI Surveillance Van 1 
She brings a big purse to the game so she can sneak more alcohol in. #ShesAKeeper 
Anyone else put chips on their sandwich? #TheBest 
Beer: The WD40 for conversations. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you smack the remote and it actually works! 
Is it "fuck work" o'clock yet? #HappyHour #FridayNight 
F.R.I.D.A.Y. = Football Really Is Damn Awesome Yeah! 
Real #90s kids know this sp  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when iTunes Shuffle decides to put on your most embarrassing songs. 
She wears Yoga Pants to Casual Friday. #ShesAKeeper #MarryHer 
Men's Humor HOTTIES are up!! Click the link to vote for your favorite:  
It's Friday: The only reason you need to crack open a beer. 
"All is Fair in Love and War...and Beer Pong." -George Washington (I think)  
M̸o̸n̸d̸a̸y̸ T̸u̸e̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ W̸e̸d̸n̸e̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ T̸h̸u̸r̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ Friday Saturday Sunday #Weekend 
I just read through my Facebook feed... A moment of silence for proper spelling and grammar. RIP 
#realmen should ace this  #real #fake #sp 
#TGIFF > #TGIF 
The worst = getting a song in my head that I don't even know the lyrics to. 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but she treats her vagina like fully insured rental car. 
Ever drink so much on Thursday night, you cannot even think about drinking on Friday? Me either. 
Having a one-night-stand is good on Thursdays...you can always use the "work on Friday" excuse to get them the hell out. 
Best Advice: Don't dwell on your past, disappointments, or failures, you can't trip on something behind you. 
Man or Woman, I'm gonna call you "dude" either way. 
The best things in life aren't things. #Truth 
Women: Logic need not apply. 
Reality? What's that? A new app for the iPhone? 
I have heard of women that aren't crazy, but I've also heard of the legend of Big Foot. 
Sex. There, we said it. Now get any item 50% off from our pal's at  w/code "MH" AND 3 free DVDs + free shipping. #Win 
Nothing is more satisfying than finishing a bag of chips and the salsa at the exact same time. 
She refuses to watch Football on Sunday. #Time2Bail 
Bacon forever! By  
The only thing more terrible than your tribal tattoo is the story about why you got it. 
You know who you haven't talked to recently? Your EX! #ShitLiquorSays 
LADIES! Send your pics & Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be an official Men's Humor Hottie! 
Girls that follow Here is a gold star for your vagina. ☆ #YoureDoingItRight 
Just because you put an Instagram filter on that terrible food you made, doesn't make me jealous that you're eating it. 
I stay up late every night, regret it every morning, and then do it all over again. 
The crazier the chick, the better the sex. 
Be yourself, you already have the costume. 
Weird. My girlfriend TiVo-ed "The Biggest Loser" tonight and the Giant's game popped up. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the Cowboys go to the strip club to celebrate the win and Dez Bryant can't go. 
#MilesAustin ...welcome to the game. 
"Please, tell me how awesome your Fantasy Football team is." Said Nobody, ever 
Got anything to say about the game? Tweet at us, we'll RT the best! 
"When you stop doing things for fun, you might as well be dead." -Hemingway 
It's the NFL season opener, what's your drink of choice? 
#NFL > #DNC 
I wonder when the NFL will realize that Rob Ryan is just Rex Ryan with a wig on. 
Tony Romo is the best QB on the New York Giants #Interception 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the NFL season starts and the score is still 0-0. 
It the Cowboy's pass protection was a form of contraception, it would be a condom with a hole punched in it. 
The #NFLisBack and Tony Romo is already on his back #Sack 
#DontBeTheDoucheBag who takes 5 minutes to back into a parking spot. 
Guys, it's Hump Day, you've earned this  sp 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but her vagina should be in the #NFL Hall of Fame for greatest wide-receiver. 
We'll be tweeting during the season opener tonight! Let us know what ya think! #NFL 
Giants and Cowboys...who ya got? #NFL 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize you probably shouldn’t have told someone something. 
Only Bestfriends know the difference between your fake laugh and the real one. #Truth 
Hell ya, new shirt in the shop.   
"Dammit i'm mad" backwards is still "dammit i'm mad". #mindblown 
❒ Obama ❒ Romney ✔ Yoga Pants 
It takes a lot of effort to be this unproductive. 
I'm so doing this on Halloween.  
Guys, wanna get fit and grab girls' attention? Do this ->  - sp 
I see that you liked my Facebook photo at 2AM... I accept your invitation for sex. 
"Here's to alcohol, the cause of -- and solution to -- all life's problems." - Matt Groening 
Dear nap-time, I'm sorry for all those times I talked shit about you when I was a kid. Please come back. 
Dear Sleep, I appreciate the effort, but you're no match for the internet. 
"Two beer or not two beer." -Shakesbeer 
#FriendsDontLetFriends leave the bar with fat chicks. #WordsFromTheWingman 
"In the future, girls will take my quotes to justify being a whore or a bitch" -Marylin Monroe 
I don't care what you say, the new #madden13 looks awesome.  - sp 
There's no better feeling than proving someone else wrong. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when somebody catches you making weird faces in the mirror 
"I gotta show you who I'm talking about, get on Facebook." -Everybody 
The best thing about watching women's sports...  sp can't argue with that! 
❒ Obama ❒ Romney ✔ Ron Swanson 
Attention Coworkers, when I say "How stupid can you be?" it's not a challenge. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment after an argument, when the other person admits you were right. 
Whenever I finish a test early, I make sure to wait 'til someone else turns it in so I don't look like the asshole who finished first. 
USA! USA! Today only! Save 15% on all red, white and blue items in our store w/ Coupon Code: YOURVOTE12  
The dating problem... Choices: 1.Intelligent 2.Emotionally stable 3.Good looking... You can only pick 2. 
<- I'm with awesome. 
This past 3 day weekend was so epic, Morgan Freeman should have narrated it. 
Say this fast and yell it out! - I, 1, 2, 1/2, 6 
Everyone with Alzheimer's needs to look on the bright side...at least you can plan your own surprise party! 
If you cuss too much, drink too much, and have questionable morals...you're probably my best friend! 
It doesn´t matter if the glass is half empty or half full. There is clearly room for more alcohol. 
No. Fat. Chicks. 
This is totally something my friends would do. So hilarious! #madden13  - sp 
#LaborDay = #DGAFday 
Dear Work Week, back the fuck up, I got some drinking to do tonight. #LaborDay 
I play some pretty epic drum solos on my dog's stomach. 
This tweet is brought to you by the number 0. As in "Today, I give 0 fucks." #LaborDay 
If girls were as nice to each other in real life as they are in Facebook comments, the world would be a different place. 
Monday, we're cool today. #LaborDay 
"screw it, let's get drunk, I don't have work tomorrow!" -Everybody #LaborDayEve 
#WaysToPissMeOff tell me to "chill out" or "calm down". 
#DescribeYourSexLifeWithAMovie Free Willy. 
#DescribeYourSexLifeWithAMovie 300. 
Drink, drank, drunk. #LaborDayEve 
Whenever I open the fridge, my dog looks at me like, "why don't you eat all the food?" 
I dream about a world where it is totally legal and socially acceptable to slap stupid people. 
They say that God makes people in all shapes and sizes... but recently he has been making a lot of circles. #fatties 
I don't trust people that put the twist tie back on the bread... just spin it. 
This morning's tweet is brought to you by the letter A for Advil. #Hungover 
I can only do the moonwalk when wiping dog shit off my shoes. 
I've never attempted suicide, but I ate burrito from a gas station once. 
The quietest people have the most on their minds. #Truth 
When I was a child, I hated naps and getting spanked...now I embrace them! 
4-way stop rules are a piece of cake. You got there first, you go first. Stop waving at me! 
If you don't like football, I don't like you. 
My Tailgate > Your Tailgate. #NCAA #Football 
The best kind of stomach ache: when your friends make you laugh way too hard. 
Keep the dream alive! Hit the snooze button! 
BEST PICK UP LINE: "Don't worry! I won't kill you!" 
If there was an accepted currency worldwide, it would be Beer. 
Best part about not having a roommate: All the beer in the fridge is MINE! 
#BestWayToPissMeOff ...Tell me to "chill out" or "calm down". 
Biggest Lie: "Oh sorry, my phone was off." 
Dear 'K", Thanks for being there for me when times get awkward. Sincerely, Got nothing to say. 
People who describe things as "better than sex" are having the wrong kind of sex. 
Would you eat any of this food?  #IfIwasDrunkEnough #sp #food 
It really doesn't matter how funny you are. If I don't like you, I probably won't laugh. #Truth 
Back Dimples. #GodBlessThatCreation  
I want all of these ->  #beer #Friday #sp 
It's Friday. #GodBlessThatCreation 
If you get your wife pregnant...Congrats! You now have a designated driver for the next 9 months! 
❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ Who gives a shit, I’m awesome. 
Our new shirts are fucking awesome:  Get 'em here:  
At work you might hear me say, "How can I help you?" but my tone says, "What the fuck do you want?" 
Good Advice: Don't be the freshman whore... 
I don't know if I'm more excited that it's Friday or that college football starts this weekend?!?! 
Hello Friday, you magnificent bastard! 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your phone goes missing because your bed ate it. 
Somebody needs to start a Vodka Company called "Liquid Photoshop" 
No matter what i get on the internet for, I always end up on Twitter or Facebook. 
BEST ADVICE: A few bad decisions really liven up a boring day. 
Every man shall know how to grill a perfect steak. #comMANdments 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't tell if the car behind you is flashing their brights or just hitting bumps. 
Screw "Bring Your Kid to Work Day" , when is "Bring Your Beer to Work Day" ? 
Oh you have Swag? ...that's cool, hey, can you Super Size my Fries? 
"I've spent half my money on gambling, alcohol, and wild women. The other half I wasted." -W.C. Fields 
"Football players, like prostitutes, are in the business of ruining their bodies for the pleasure of strangers." -Merle Kessler 
10,000 people are having sex right now. 20,000 people are kissing. And you, well, you're reading this tweet. 
Mornings are the best when they start in the afternoon. 
Millionaire men share their secrets:  Check it out sp 
Does anybody get sort of offended when you're signing up for something and the website tells you that your password is weak? 
The speed at which I can prepare food during a commercial break is amazing. 
I love when my boss catches me doing work. 
Thursday... foreplay for Friday. 
I hate when I'm comfortable in bed and I forget my phone in the other room. 
Some people Drink, Drive, and go to Jail. I drink, drive, and go to Taco Bell. 
#EverybodyHasThatFriend that always catches you doing something weird. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you find money in your pocket that you forgot was there! 
"Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the Bible says love your enemy." - Frank Sinatra sp  
Drunk Test: Was Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog? 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you have 10 tabs open and can't figure out where the music is coming from. 
She cracks open a beer and challenges you to a game of Madden NFL 13. #ShesAKeeper 
I don't care what the expiration date says, I have to smell it. 
Please, if I ever offend you, it's because I meant to. 
If you hate sarcasm, then stop asking stupid questions. 
Want to see grown men cry? Show them this!  #BeerSpill #sp #PartyFoul 
School Logic: Optional Assignment = No Assignment. 
"Will you write on your girlfriend's Facebook wall telling her how much you love each her?" ~Said Nobody, ever. 
How busy can you actually be if you just took the time to change your online status to say so? 
#10ThingsIMustDoBeforeIDie -->  
Only true men have mastered this  #GuyProblems #sp 
"Be yourself" is the worst advice you can give to some people. #Truth 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when doesn't play music videos, but still decides to have the #VMA's 
Either you love bacon or you're wrong. 
The most Manly/Awesome/Hilarious commercial ever? Yep.  
The shirt for those who truly DGAF...  
For all of those that think alcohol is a problem... according to Chemistry: Alcohol is a solution. Thanks science! 
It's Wednesday! Don't Jump to Conclusion, HUMP to Conclusions! 
I shower naked. 
I don’t drink to forget, I…what was I saying again? 
Best Relationship Advice: Make sure you're the crazy one. 
So I'm giving up drinking. Beer. On Sundays. In September. Next year. (Maybe.) 
Dear this girl, what have you done?!?  #sp #ugh 
BEST ADVICE: Stick to One-Night-Stands, The biggest cause of marriage is dating. 
Everyday, I seek some truth and achievement...but I usually settle for some beer and bacon. 
Key to a Happy Life: Get a job where people ask, “You actually get paid for doing this?” 
Fellas, remember this...  
It's no coincidence that "Studying" is like putting "Students" and "Dying" together. 
I wish I could have taken this class in college...  #ftw #college #sp 
I'll believe anything you say if it's with a British accent. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone who has hated you forever is suddenly nice to you, and you don't know how to react. 
Guys, this is MANDATORY! Best tips for talking to chicks and getting a date!  - sp 
I get super paranoid whenever I walk into a store with something that they sell there... 
#RealMen don't say YOLO. 
Sorry guys, if you had her at "hello", she's probably a slut. 
It's not that I'm not a "morning person", I'm just not a "waking up" person. 
It's unbelievable how many problems go away by simply ignoring them and going to sleep. 
#ThatAwkwardFeeling of sitting on a warm toilet seat...warmed by somebody else's ass. 
Saying "oh yea, I remember." ...when you really don't. 
Real dogs ride in pick-up trucks, not purses. #Truth 
My A/C is so loud that I can't hear my TV. #FirstWorldProblems 
Boobs and Beer, combining the 2 greatest things ever.  
I hate when I forget how awesome I really am. 
Sometimes, I feel like our mission as the human race is to make everything edible. 
Every man has had an awkward boner at the wrong time.  #truth #sp 
What everyone should be wearing at work/school today...   
Anybody else think those Texting and Driving commercials are way scarier than the Drinking and Driving commercials? 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you’re trying to end a conversation and the other person won’t stop talking. 
You hit a new level of laziness when you're too lazy to correct the misspelling in your last tweet. 
You hit a new level of procrastination when your too lazy to go eat. 
Dear these women, you're doing it right!  #beer #women #sp #iloveyou 
#TheAwkwardMoment when you wave your hand in front of a paper towel dispenser that isn't automatic. 
Honeymoons should only last six days... seven days makes a hole weak. 
So was Snooki's child born with a spray tan? 
Dear Monday, even my girlfriend's period is a better surprise than you. 
Dear Monday, Frankly, I'm tired of your face. 
Me: "I don't like Monday" Monday: "Why?" Me: "Because fuck you, that's why." 
Fellas, being a gentleman never goes out of style. #truth 
Don't forget to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie!  
I used to be addicted to meth... now I'm just addicted to Breaking Bad. 
No matter how old I get, I will always find "that's what she said" jokes hilarious. #truth 
You guys kick ass, so we're giving you 15% off all shirts in the store today w/ coupon code: WEEKEND  do it! 
During a breakup, women need tissues for tears... men also need tissues, but for a different reason. 
#WhatHurtsMeTheMost is when shows high school football all weekend! Quit teasing me! #ReadyForTheSeason 
You know #ShesAKeeper because you paused the video game to talk to her. 
Dear this girl, you're doing it right!  #beer #women #sp 
The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest... 
I wish life had a rewind--the-weekend button. 
Dear Sleep, I'm sorry I hated you when I was little, but now I just can't get enough of you. 
Its not a coincidence that "Sober" and "So bored" sound alike. 
BEER: Cuz no good story ever started with someone drinking a glass of milk. 
Whatchu drinking? 
Guys, do this  you will thank me. 
When someone likes your status from a month ago and you think "They must stalk me." 
Some people live upside down. They like to talk out their ass and the only thing that comes outta their mouth is shit. 
So this is cool -> All our shirts are 15% off. This weekend only w/ coupon code: WEEKEND  
Saturday To Do List: ❒ DGAF 
It's Saturday. The toughest decision you need to make is bottle or draft. 
Folgers has it all wrong. The best part of waking up is being able roll over and go back to sleep. #Truth 
This Saturday has been sponsored by Tylenol and Jack Daniels. 
Let’s get Randy Travis drunk tonight. 
Whats the difference between your mom and New York? I wasnt in New York 5 minutes ago. #ZING 
Smile, it’s Friday. And someone out there probably wants to sleep with you...naked. 
FACT: Nothing is sexier than a girl who knows how to take control. 
HOTTIES are up! Click the link to vote for your favorite:  
Every man secretly wants to do this  sp 
I'll stop being so lazy when being so lazy stops being so awesome. 
I text differently, depending on who the person is. 
Today only! You guys are awesome, so we're giving you 15% off all shirts in the store w/ coupon code: FRIDAY  
A beautiful woman is a beautiful woman...but a beautiful woman with a brain is a lethal combo. 
Regardless of how old I get, I will always refuse my parent's Friend Request. 
Every time I fart in my office, it's always 2 seconds before someone decides to walk in. 
Drunk Logic: "she's only ugly in the face." 
It's Follow Friday! Tell your friends why they should follow us and we'll RT the funniest! #FF 
Yellow, Orange, Red. Gatorade has colors, not flavors. 
It's Friday! All our shirts are 15% off with coupon code: FRIDAY   
I'm not saying she's a slut, but more guys have been in her pants than this tweet has been retweeted. 
There's good days...then there's great days...then there's Fridays! 
I've never lost weight... Because I'm not a loser. 
Best Friday idea ever?  
Wanna find out who your real friends are? Remove your birthday from Facebook and see who still wishes you a happy birthday. 
Being a gentleman never goes out of style. #truth 
It's Friday! I can't wait to be ashamed of what I do this weekend. 
#AllJokesAside Outside of biking, he has done an enormous amount to end the fight against cancer. We support #LanceArmstrong 
#ToBeHonest If you say LOL or OMG out loud, I don't like you. 
Make Mistakes. 
The Worst Feeling: Seeing a police car make a u-turn behind you. 
If Guys can Rock Out with their Cock Out, Girls should Black Out with their Rack Out! 
"Nobody knows who I am." - Anonymous 
I wish I was here right now  #beer #mlb #sp #ftw 
Anyone else pee on the side of the toilet cuz it makes less noise? 
This is so true:  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're taking a dump and realize you're out of toilet paper. 
These were the best  #90s #sp 
I could probably accomplish amazing things if I wasn't so busy not giving a shit. 
The best revenge is living a kick ass life. 
The Ball Sack "Pinch and Roll". A satisfaction that a woman will never know. 
They say "Home is Where the Heart is" ...I say it's where you take a relaxing dump. 
Thou shalt play Madden 2013 #madden13demo  - sp 
I am undefeated in the arguments I have with people in my head. 
I hate Thursday for not being Friday. 
I wish Hoarders would film an episode with my car... 
I'd rather be kicked in the balls than wake up on Thursday thinking it's Friday. 
I need to start setting an alarm to go to bed. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: Shouldn't you be in my bed? 
More food should come with prizes inside it. 
Ladies, If my reply to your text messages consist of a single word, take the hint. 
Whenever I go out for Mexican food, I always ruin my meal by eating all the Chips & Salsa. #Truth 
Dear this girl, keep the makeup on!  #sp 
They say that "two heads are better than one." ...I guess men are smarter than women by default! 
I wish I got as excited to see other people as dogs do when they see other dogs. 
He who laughs, lasts. 
I'm interested to know what I've agreed to over the years by just nodding along when I couldn't hear someone. 
DAMN GOOD ADVICE: Chill with all the planning. One of the most exciting things about life is not knowing what's next. 
Most guys offer a prescription. Semen is 'good for women's health and helps fight depression'  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you see a friend in the distance and you're not sure when to wave. 
FACT: Your number of real friends is about 2% of all your Facebook friends. 
True #90s kids know this sp  
Here's a good Healthcare Plan: Stop eating that shit. Get off your lazy ass, and get a little exercise. 
Nobody gives a shit about your GPA. 
What did you guys think of The Inbetweeners premiere? 
FACT: There is more starlight in the day than during the night. #MindBlown 
Scissors package needs to be opened with scissors = The definition of irony. 
Chad Kroeger of Nickelback and Avril Lavigne are getting married. This is Chad's 2nd worst decision. The 1st, of course, is making music. 
When I think about somebody dating my ex, I have to remember that "One man's trash is another man's treasure." 
My EX is crazy, if her emotions were on my iPod, they would be on shuffle. 
If you could wake up next to any celebrity, who would it be? #HumpDay 
Ear Herpes: a highly contagious disease contracted by listening to Nickelback. 
WARNING: The consumption of beer may make you think you are whispering when you are not. 
I can still remember the days when I knew more than my phone. 
I heard Avril Lavigne and the guy from Nickelback are getting married on December 21st of this year. #TheMayansWereRight 
Avril Lavigne is engaged to the guy from Nickelback...oh, were you waiting for a punchline? 
Fact: There is an inverse relationship between how hungry you are and the availability of food to eat. 
I'm not saying she's a slut, I'm just saying her vagina is like New York City...either you or somebody you know has been there. 
Breasts: because you can't "motorboat" a woman's Sense of Humor. 
I have a severe allergy to ignorance. But instead of a rash, I break out in Sarcasm. 
FACT: The second half of the tank of gas goes twice as fast as the first. 
If the best things in life are free, where the hell do I get free beer? 
"I don't watch porn." #TheLieDetectorDeterminedThatWasALie 
"I'll call you." #TheLieDetectorDeterminedThatWasALie 
WARNING: This awesome skate video will own the next 2 minutes of your life!  #MustSee #redbull #sp 
A plane ticket for a baby should cost at least $7,000. 
LADIES: Send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for the chance to be a Men's Humor Hottie! 
"Racism isn't born, folks. It's taught. I have a 2 year old son. Know what he hates? Naps. End of List." -Denis Leary 
FACT: If you lick someone's elbow while they're not paying attention, they won't feel it. 
Guys, wanna get a date? Then THIS is MANdatory!  - sp 
Guys, don't take a girl on a date to a restaurant that has a drive-thru menu. #ComMANdments #MANdatory  
Strict parents create slutty daughters. 
If you like partying (and who doesn't?) follow for updates, facts, and more! 
According to the game of MASH, this isn't the life I am supposed to have. 
It doesn't get better than this. #10favoritegames  
I don't make mistakes. I date mistakes. 
It's Tuesday... So much to do. So few fucks to give. 
The worst way to die would be in your sleep...it's really the only thing I actually enjoy in life. 
I don't respect a woman if they have sex on the first date...unless it's with me. 
The Snoop Lion King #failedmusicals 
It's a painful issue but, please: talk to your loved ones who wear Crocs. 
People who listen to Dubstep: Optimus Prime called. He said to stop recording him screwing the other Transformers. 
No man in the world knows more about women than I do...I know nothing. 
I wouldn't be so sarcastic if beating the shit out of people wasn't against the law. 
Take your shoes off, put your feet up, and crack open a beer. Congrats Fellas, you survived Monday. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize every house has a particular smell, but you can’t smell the one at your house. 
I intend to live forever...so far, so good. 
These are hilarious ->  - sp 
"You can only be young once...but you can always be immature." -Dave Barry 
#moviesiwontforget Any movie starring this guy. #RIP  
#moviesiwontforget ...You tell us which ones and why! We'll RT the best! 
#DontBeTheDoucheBag who uses a shopping cart, and leaves it in an empty parking spot. 
Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A. #Things90sKidsKnow 
When the car in front of me is driving slow, I move to the side a bit so the cars behind me can see I'm not causing the traffic. 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie,  
I don't have a Case of the Mondays...I have a Keg of the Mondays 
This made my day...  
Guys, wanna get a date? Then THIS is MANDATORY!  - sp 
Why the hell is Friday so close to Monday but Monday is so far from Friday? 
I haven't had this bad of a Monday since last Monday. 
If it doesn't involve Sex or Bacon, it's not worth waking up for. 
How much work will I have to do today to make it look like I actually did work today? #MondayMotto 
Andrew Luck is the best quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers. 
"I'll just meet you there" = I really don't want to go and I'm definitely leaving early. 
Anyone watching the Steelers vs Colts game? Andrew Luck gonna dominate or suck? 
#HowToBeAKeeper ...Never let me leave the house hungry or horny. 
#NothingIsBetter than proving someone wrong. 
I don't know if I am more upset that tomorrow is Monday or that Shark Week is over... 
Love is like a fart, if you have to force it, it's probably shit. 
5 days of school, 2 days of weekend, 10 months for school, 2 months for summer. Who divided this shit? 
Don't be this guy ->  sp 
Where is the button to restart summer? 
Last night is proof that alcohol can make you do so many stupid things on your smart phone. 
Hello Sunday hangover, we meet again. 
Revenge is a dish that is best served cold...or by banging their girlfriend, that works too. 
#WingmanWisdom Charge your iPhones before going out tonight. You don't want to miss a booty call b/c your battery died: 
#EverybodyHasThatFriend who says he can outdrink everyone, then passes out first. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you take the first sip of your first beer of the day. #DayDrinking 
Dear this guy, everybody thinks you suck sp  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you’re being sarcastic and someone believes you. 
My Ceiling Fan has 3 settings: 1) barely moving 2) barely moving 3) about to fly off and kill someone. 
Saturday: The Official day of DGAF 
#EverybodyHasThatFriend with a terrible hangover who says "I'm never going to drink again." 
You're not drunk until you're durnk. 
I don't remember stuff because I'm either drunk or don't give a damn...usually both. 
Considering the pounding he takes every Friday, my liver probably thinks he goes to jail every weekend. 
This Weekend's Forecast : Drunk with a good chance of making an ass out of myself. 
Top 10 tips for a manly man:  #BeAMan #tips #sp #ftw 
"TGIF!" said Nobody who works at a Bar or Restaurant. 
BEST ADVICE: When shits happens you can either let it destroy you, do something about it, or not give a damn. You choose. 
HOTTIES are up! Click the link to vote for your favorite:  
If people could see the face I make when I read their Facebook status updates, they would probably Unfriend me. 
"Yes, I really want to hear about the dream you had last night." -said Nobody, ever. 
Everybody hates this guy  #truth #sp #gym 
M̸o̸n̸d̸a̸y̸ T̸u̸e̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ W̸e̸d̸n̸e̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ T̸h̸u̸r̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ Friday Saturday Sunday! 
Get 'em while they're still here!   
Drinking a beer in the shower > 
If you are going to ask if I want gum, you better know that I will be expecting to make out later. 
Me: "Yes, it's Friday!" My bank account and my liver: "Oh shit, it's Friday again." 
Hello Friday, I fucking missed you. 
Every night, it's an endless battle between Sleep and The Internet. 
And now you know:  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're drinking water and the ice attacks your face. 
Learn how actors from the movie 300 gained muscle and got ripped->  - sp 
Does the Shotgun Rule apply when you're getting arrested? 
The only thing worse than having a song stuck in your head is not knowing the name of the damn song! 
If it was socially acceptable, I'd eat cereal for every meal. 
If she does this, she's a keeper sp  
Marriage: The only legal way to exchange money for sex. 
HOT CHICK ALERT: follow trust us. Need convincing? Then watch this short video:  
I know so many girls that need these...  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you enjoy your burp because it reminded you of the you just ate. 
I bet smart people invented the term "YOLO" to kill off all the idiots. 
Crocs: The only form of contraception that is 100 percent effective. 
A rebel flag sticker on your car is a great way to let other drivers know that you don't have car insurance. 
If swimming would just add one shark, I would watch it more than football. 
E4 please...  
I don’t like morning people... or mornings... or people. 
I watch pom. You misread that. 
We should make people who get caught texting nude photos register as Sext Offenders. 
I wish there was a 30 second "Undo" on Text Messaging. 
Don't get upset when people say you have an Attitude...it's usually just Awesomeness that they can't handle. 
Real men still do this:  
Dear this girl, what is that?!?  sp 
The Tooth Paste Defense: the excuse you use when asked about a "questionable" stain on a t-shirt or towel. 
FACT: Nobody is ever "just wondering". There's always a reason why they asked. 
She can do a Keg Stand longer than you. #ShesAKeeper 
We still have a few left!   
I'm not sure if I'm tired cuz I didn't sleep last night...or cuz I hate my job. 
If she does this, she's a keeper sp  
Why would Mitt Romney choose Paul Ryan as a running mate when Ron Swanson is still available? 
This is awesome! #SharkWeek  
#ThatAwesomeMoment when your boss catches you actually doing work. 
If you're playing Warcraft on a Friday night & you put your ear up to your monitor, it sounds exactly like having no friends. 
I hate when professors keep you the entire time on the first day of class. Gimme the syllabus and get me out of here. 
Being an adult is all about how well you can hide the fact that you're still a kid. 
The bigger the tip I give the bartender, the drunker I am. #Truth 
There is nothing that beer, coffee, or a nap can't cure. 
Life is funny. Well, yours is. To me. 
Thou shall never use Pinterest. #comMANdments 
Get your girl in the mood tonight with this  sp 
With the promise of Beer or Food, I'm willing to go pretty much anywhere. 
"Yes, please makeout with your girlfriend in the middle of a public place." said Nobody, ever. 
LADIES! Send your pics & Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for the chance to be a Men's Humor Hottie! 
"Never argue with an idiot. They will drag you down to their level and beat you with experience." -Mark Twain 
We're having a back to school sale! Buy 5 products and only pay for 4! use coupon code: BACKTOSCHOOL12  
Uncle Sam's Initials = U.S. #MindBlown 
This girl, YOU'RE DOING IT RIGHT  sp 
I can't wait to tell my kids that I was around when fast food restaurants actually used the first drive-thru window. 
Even scarier than #SharkWeek  
"Wow! My political opinion just changed because of what you posted on Facebook" - no one 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but she's screwed more people than the IRS. 
The best detox is a retox. #truth 
"Live every week like it's #SharkWeek"-Tracy Jordan 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you flip your pillow over to the cold side. 
Women may not hit harder, but they hit lower. #Truth 
Good girls = Bad Girls that never get caught. 
People go to the bar hoping for 2 things...to get hammered or to get nailed. 
This morning I had full intentions of not drinking...then I went to work. #HappyHour 
Dear this girl, I love you sp  
My TV Schedule This Week.
M: _/\_\o/__
T: _/\_ \o/__
W: _/\_\o/__
Th:_/\__\o/__
F:__/\__\o/__
Sa: __/\__\o/__
Su: __/\__\o/__
#SharkWeek 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie (@thelacyjill on Instagram)!  
If there is grime inside the toilet bowl, I'll pee extra hard to clean it off. #BachelorLife 
Can you spot the dog?  
You call it work. I call it Hell...with fluorescent lighting. 
The only thing good to come out of NASCAR  #nascar #sp 
"That's What." -She shirts are in! Order now!   
America: Where parents get one day each, and sharks get an entire week. #SharkWeek 
I can't stand her, but my penis is a big fan. 
They should make a reality TV show called, "Jersey Shore meets Shark Week" #SharkWeek 
It's Monday morning... My headphones are on, don't fucking talk to me. Got it? 
My ex should get an entire week... She's was a vicious bitch. #SharkWeek 
#TheIronicMoment when a "What happens in Vegas" photo album shows up on Facebook. 
"Thank God It's Monday!" said Nobody, ever. 
I used to be addicted to meth... now I'm just addicted to Breaking Bad. 
At the end of every weekend I tell my liver, "I'm sorry" and I tell my penis, "You're welcome." 
My Preseason Tailgating is harder than your Regular Season Tailgating. #NFL 
Only a few hours left to vote for your favorite Hottie and it's neck and neck with numbers 2 & 3!  
Fuck You Dolphin! Fuck You Whale! Fuck Yea Shark! #SharkWeek #SouthPark 
You're not allowed to bitch about the economy on FB if you have uploaded 3 sets of vacation photos to your timeline in the last year. 
Friends don't let Friends miss #SharkWeek 
____/\_______\o/____ #SharkWeek 
I wonder if we'll get to see this guy on #SharkWeek  
The Olympics may be coming to an end, but #SharkWeek starts tonight!!! 
Alcoholism: The problem that helps you forget all of your other problems. 
Are you among the greatest???  #party #college #sp 
It is scientific fact that the human body craves Chik-Fil-A even more on a Sunday. 
Women are like Wi-Fi... Sometimes, when you’re desperate, you pay by the hour for the chance to connect. 
3 words 8 letters... say it and I'm yours... "I got food." 
I'll know I've made it when I have a fridge only for beer. 
No matter where you go in the world, you can never escape douche bags. 
Thinking about writing a new book. It's called "Fifty Shades of Who Gives a Shit." 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when there’s a hair in your mouth and you can’t find it so you’re just grabbing your tongue, in public. 
Where should we drink lunch today? 
Word of Advice: Live for yourself, not the approval of someone else. 
Dear sleep, I know we had some issues when I was a kid, but now I love you. 
Women like a man with confidence. Because without that, what’s to destroy? 
If you didn't cheat at Heads-Up 7-Up in Elementary School...you're a liar. 
Sexy is when a woman is hot enough to flaunt it but chooses not to. 
Kick off your weekend by voting for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie!  
If only Beer Pong were at the Olympics...  #GimmeTheGold 
If sarcasm was an Olympic sport, I'd be a gold medalist. 
THIS is why your fat sp  
It’s not a real relationship until you secretly start to hate each other. 
As your best friend, it’s my job to embarrass you. 
Do hairy girls make platypus face instead of duck face? 
Last chance until the Olympics end! We have a few left:   
The problem with Crocs is that people wear them. 
I think we should all unite as a country and sterilize people who TyPe LiKe ThiS. 
Awesome = Showing up late to work and your boss hasn't shown up yet. 
THE BEST = Waking up in the morning and realizing it's Friday. 
They made an Expendables 2?!? I thought those guys were done with gay porn after the first movie. 
My days are always backwards…I wake up exhausted and I go to bed wide awake. 
# 1 Reason Why Being a Dog would kick ass: You can use your own ass for a pillow. 
FACT: People with a good Sense of Humor have a better Sense of Life. 
I can't wait for the day that ignorance can be converted into a sustainable source of energy. 
Men, avoid these mistakes with women sp  
If football was a drug, my last name would be Lohan. 
Watching preseason football is like listening to a girl talk about her day...boring and pointless, but you're desperate for some action. 
I am known all over the world for being a Sarcastic Jack Ass. 
BEST WAY TO DIE: Clint Eastwood shooting you while Morgan Freeman narrates it. 
If Vanilla Ice checked out my ex's problem, I doubt he would be able to solve it. 
Pre-Season Football Starts tonight! The games may not count but I'll be drinking like they do! #NFL 
Excited about football? ->  Hell ya! #NFL #SP #Football 
I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head, but then other person doesn't follow the script. 
#truefactsaboutme My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right. 
#truefactsaboutme My I.Q. goes from 130 to about 7 when there's a hot girl around. 
Can someone please call Carly Rae Jepsen so we can be done with this shit?! 
I hate when I'm set on running a yellow light and the person in front of me chickens out. 
No matter how good she looks, someone, somewhere, is tired of her shit. 
"I wish you were more like my Ex." #Time2Bail 
Some people just need to change their status updates to “Needs attention.” 
Good God, do I miss being able to eat this  #college #food #sp 
“They dared me to” is always a valid excuse. 
Ketchup Bottle Pre-cum. #ThingsEverybodyHates 
Dear Genitals, Thank you for not bleeding every month. Sincerely, Men 
If you like sex, you'll love the 50% off any sex toy, 3 free movies, & shipping at  with code: MH 
The world is made up of kids who can’t wait to grow up…and adults who wish they hadn’t. 
Dear 5 Hour Energy, No thanks. I’d rather have a 5 Hour Nap. 
Dear this girl, please keep the makeup on! Sincerely, everyone sp  
Sex without Love is like Ice Cream without Sprinkles…still pretty awesome. 
LADIES! Send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for the chance to be an Official Men's Humor Hottie! 
We have a few left! 15% off purchases over $30 with code: beerpong   
At the urinal, thou shall obey the "Three Shake Rule" #ComMANdments 
It's a big deal if your girl turns everything into a big deal. #Time2Bail 
Got hit with a blue shell... went from first to last place. #MarioKartProblems 
The most fake thing I have ever seen is watching two girls meet each other for the first time. 
What if Pinocchio said, "My nose will grow right now" what would happen? #MindBlown 
Wanna know who's AWESOME??? You ↖ You ↗ You ↙ You → You ↓ You ↩ You ↪ You ↬ You ↫ You ↪ You ↩ You ↲ You ↴ And You ↺ 
☆:*´¨`*twinkle twinkle little star…point me to the nearest bar ٩(-̮̮̃-̃)۶*´¨`*:.☆ 
I'm the kind of guy you bring home to mom...if she doesn't understand a word of English. 
I just Awesomed all over the place. 
If only Life came with a ◄◄ REW ► PLAY ▌▌PAUSE █▌STOP ►► FF 
I'm not a vegetarian but I eat animals who are. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you’re staring at nothing in particular, and then realize you’re staring right at someone. 
Dumb girls, Quit trying to look like us in photos... It's embarrassing to our species. Sincerely, Ducks 
Best Advice: Don't look back on your life and say "I just made it through". 
Crocodiles have to be offended by the shoes that were named after them. 
I hope the Olympics teaches kids and parents that in real life you do not get a trophy just for participating. 
Dear new parents, I #believe your child is about 16% as cute as you think they are. Stop sharing so many photos on Facebook. 
These guys must be rich sp  
As you get older you realize that the "cool" parents were actually just bad parents. 
The best way to run track in the #Olympics is wearing a hockey mask...holding a machete. 
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong. You also said "moment" after awkward. 
#Time2Bail ->  
Dear ugly people, you're welcome. Love, Alcohol 
If this is you, you're probably a slut.  #SexFiend #sp #sex 
The best friendships are built on a solid foundation of alcohol, sarcasm, and inappropriateness. #Truth 
#EverybodyHasThatFriend that only gets called by their nickname...and calling them by their real name sounds weird. 
Facebook needs a button that's the equivalent of kicking someone under the table to stop them from making a fool of themselves. 
If a midget smokes weed, does he get high or medium? 
Did you know?  
Facebook: Making stalking people much more convenient since 2004. 
Best feeling = Seeing your ex with someone uglier and fatter than you. 
Contrary to popular belief, I still don't care. 
DMV Job Application: ☑ You hate everyone. ☑ You like making people miserable. ☑ You have a terrible attitude. You're hired! 
Someone needs to uninvent the internet so we can all start getting some stuff done. 
Boobs and Wendy's have the same motto. "You know when it's real." 
▒▒broke this twe▒et but ▒▒▒▒ a little duct tape goes▒▒ a long w▒ay…. 
▒▒broke this twe▒et but ▒▒▒▒ a little duct tape goes▒▒ a long w▒ay…. 
I'm awake and ready to wreak Awesomeness on the world!!! 
It's only Tuesday? I'm offended. 
If we’re not supposed to eat late, then why is there a light in the fridge? 
#RememberTheDays when you would blow up your Capri Sun and try to give it to your friend like it was full?? 
Fact.  
MAN LAW: When you're taking a leak, it is not a good opportunity to start a conversation with your neighbor. 
If I text or call you after 1 am... ignore it, I'm drunk. 
scratch here ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ to reveal this tweet. 
NERD FACT: You don't smell rain. Your sense of smell just works better w/ moisture. GROSS FACT: Same reason farts smell worse in the shower. 
A Quesadilla is just a Mexican Grilled-Cheese Sandwich #MindBlown 
“If at first you don't succeed then skydiving definitely isn't for you.” - Steven Wright 
I have to take my frozen dinner out of the microwave and stir it halfway through cooking. #FirstWorldProblems 
One must respect the "every-other urinal" law. There are 10 open urinals, why would you want to pee right next to another dude? 
Walmart is pretty good at rolling back the attractiveness of it's customers. 
I #believe that Mario Kart's Rainbow Road is just training kids for drunk driving later in life. 
It's funny how I drink to forget, but I never for get to drink. 
The Best One Night Stands contain the least amount of standing as possible. #Truth 
The five second rule also applies to wearing sunglasses indoors. 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie (@lindseysche on Instagram)!  
The Olympics is really good at reminding me of how lazy I am. 
Guys, remember that the amount of cleavage she is showing is usually proportionate to the size of the favor she needs. 
They should make shotgunning beers an Olympic sport. 
Dubstep is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art. 
Dear this girl, is that your boobs or your butt sp  
I'm not surprised that Jenna Jameson endorses Mitt Romney, she'd vote for the Guy who is most likely to screw you. 
Nobody cleans a house faster than a man expecting to get laid. #truth 
I can sum up my life in three words: "just browsing, thanks." 
Having a bad Monday? Remember you are always 1/3 of the way towards having a threesome! 
They should have an #Olympics for douchebags called YOLOlympics. 
I believe what politicians say as much as I believe the person who says, "I never got that text." 
If only Beer Pong were an Olympic sport...  #Olympics #London2012 
Recipe for not getting laid: Mix 1 part sandals with 1 part socks. 
Life is a lot like Chess...because I suck at that too. 
It's Monday, Take Life by the Balls!!!  
Guys, this is MANDATORY! Best tips for talking to girls and getting a date!  - sp 
I hate when you give someone a sincere compliment on their mustache and suddenly she's not your friend anymore. 
Apparently, Sarcasm doesn't translate well on Twitter...Especially if you're stupid. 
Ebay is probably the most dangerous place to hang around after a night of drinking. 
Trying to convince my boss that I'm actually "working" is exhausting. 
How I feel about the #Olympics  
I'm pretty sure God created only 6 days, Monday was definitely made by Satan. 
Every Monday.  
I have days when wearing a hat is the only use I have made of my head. 
If days of the week were sex acts, Monday would be a dry, passionless handjob. 
You can save a lot of money by walking face-first into a spiderweb every morning instead of buying coffee. 
Friday: YES ITS THE WEEKEND! *Blink* Monday: WTF just happened?! 
All in favor of boycotting Monday's say "I". 
Remember when the words "sick" and "viral" were bad things? 
Mondays are God's punishment for what you did during the weekend. 
...And the Gold Medal for best Prince Impersonation goes to Louis Smith. 
The #Olympics: Reminding me that I am out of shape and that Kate Middleton is still hot. 
I'm pretty sure would win a Gold Medal for being in the closet the longest. 
WARNING: This cannot be unseen.  
I drink on Sunday to forget that tomorrow is Monday. 
I could never beat Usain Bolt in a race...unless I'm running from the cops. 
Don't forget to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie - Only a few hours left!  
If I wanted an asshole's opinion, I'd fart. 
My other three stove burners are becoming jealous of the front-right burner. 
Friends buy you food. Best friends eat your food. 
My dog thinks I am patting his belly... little does he know I am playing the most epic drum solo of all time. 
You know you had an awesome childhood when you pretended the floor was hot lava. 
Two days is not enough time for a weekend. 
If you don't do stupid things when you're young, you'll have nothing to smile about when you're old. #Truth 
F*CK You ↑ You ↖ You ↗ You ↙ You → You ↓ You ↩ You ↪ You ↬ You ↫ You ↪ You ↩ You ↲ You ↯ You ↴ You ↵ And You ↺ 
Me watching Olympics: Woah! That was outstanding! Announcer: Another devastating mistake! 
Person is typing… Person is typing… Person is typing… Person is typing… Person is typing… Person is typing… Person says: hi 
If people could hear the next five seconds after I hit end on a call, I would all have no friends. #Truth 
Saturday is also know as "Lesbian Day" ...Because I ain't doing dick! 
Impossible: Ordering from Subway without saying "umm". 
If you catch me in the morning in a yoga position…more than likely I passed out drunk that way. 
Alcohol doesn’t cause Hangovers…Waking up does… 
Don't you hate when you forget to turn your Swag off at night and wake up covered in Bitches? 
If stumbling home drunk from the bar was an Olympic Event, I'd have more Golds than Michael Phelps. 
I don't know too much about the Olympic's Uneven Bars, But I know about drinking, and right now the bar is definitely uneven. #Drunk 
It’s Friday night… So many innocent beers have no idea what’s coming for ‘em. 
Thinking about staying in tonight? Nobody looks back in life and remembers the nights they got plenty of sleep. 
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am. 
A true Wingman always brings two condoms. #WordsFromTheWingman 
Whiskey: Official Beverage of the FML. 
Thou shall never wear a cellphone on your belt. #comMANdments 
It's that glorious time again! Click the link to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie:  
Dear Week, I'm leaving you for Weekend...I'd say it wasn't you, and that it was me.. But yeah, it was you. 
If I was a judge in the Olympic Trampoline events, I'd give the Silver to the chick with the biggest boobs, Gold if she doesn't wear a bra. 
Advice for the weekend: A weekend wasted is a weekend well spent. 
“Sometimes the choices you make should be made sober.” – Me, not today. 
May your weekend only be filled with the good stuff!!!  
I don't always watch the Olympics, but when I do, I make drinking games out of every event. 
If abortion is murder, then are condoms kidnapping? 
Follow for truth, comedy, and pics of hot chicks in ridiculous situations. 
If this is you... MAN CARD REVOKED  #ManCardRevoked #ad #ManUp 
#ThatAwkwardMoment in a Job Interview when someone says "Tell me more about yourself." and you think "Oh God, who am I !?!" 
Reading upside down can tell you things….370HSSV 0773H 
Just got this porn called "Hot & Horny Housewives 3." Do you think I will understand what's going on if I haven't seen 1 and 2? 
Gabby Douglas’ last name unscrambled is “USA Gold”. #MindBlown 
In the 60's, Americans marched in protest...now, we just occupy and eat in protest. 
Everyone knows someone who's laugh is funnier than the joke. 
BEST ADVICE: Be happy in front of people who don’t like you, it kills them. 
Facebook: Proving that just because you have an opinion doesn't mean you should share it. 
I can always keep the conversation going, no matter how random or crazy the topics get. 
#EverybodyHas that Facebook Friend who gives their opinion about the whole Chick-Fil-A stituation. 
Enough with the Chick Fil A/Gay jokes. Cum on guys. 
The best thing in the world ->  #RTifyouagree #sp #thebest 
It's #Friday, you should get A) drunk B) a tattoo C) a piercing or D) all of the above. 
Michael Phelps becomes the most decorated Olympian in the history of the world, giving us another reason to never smoke weed. 
My favorite part of the #Olympics: When volleyball, spandex, and slow motion combine. 
Still have a few left!   
If you are living your life without giving an “f”, You are living a li[ ]e. #Truth 
I'm not saying she's a slut but if she were money she'd be a penny; two face, worthless, and in everyone's pants. 
#ReasonsIAmSingle ...It's Friday and there's tons of beautiful, single women out there...you really need a reason? 
Most of the time I go to get a snack, I’m not hungry, I’m just bored. 
Rule # 1. Giving Zero Fucks. Give us your #RulesOfFriday and we'll RT the best! 
I'm not sexist. But if i was, i'd be much better at it than women. 
"If you must have motivation, think of your paycheck on Friday." - Noel Coward 
How I feel about work on Friday.  
“Saying ‘I’m sorry’ is the same as saying ‘My bad!’ Except at a funeral.” -Demetri Martin

#ThingsNotToDoDuringAFuneral 
Some girls should just install a parking meter for their vagina and never worry about money again. 
After having four Mondays in a row, it's about damn time Friday got here! 
Friday, I love you, you glorious bastard! 
Morning Routine: 1. Wake Up 2. Check phone for messages 3. Check Twitter. 
Seriously, Fuck Cats.  
#20PeopleWhoIWantToMeet not totally sure, but I'm willing to bet they all live at the Playboy Mansion. 
Dear Apple, #800DollarsForAniPhone ??? You better bring me to dinner before I buy it, cuz I like to wined and dined before I'm fucked. 
I don't care if the glass if half-full or half-empty, if it's filled with beer, give it to me. 
# 1 Rule to live by: Don't die. 
Vegetarians, stop eating my food's food! 
Life doesn't come with instructions, so why live as if it also comes with rules? 
Yea, it looks like you're winning, dude.  
We live in a country where we care about being "16 and Pregnant" more than "16 and an Olympian". 
I'm getting drunk tonight. It's not like I actually do anything at work on Friday anyway. 
So, are you an Ass guy or a Boob guy? 
I have no idea how I got 75% of my stuff. 
If you like sex, you'll love the 50% off any sex toy, 3 free movies, & shipping at  with code: MH 
Thursday night is foreplay for Friday night. 
True Freedom: Taking a dump with the door open. 
Everyone at some point has given their friend the "what the fuck is this?" look during a test. 
Regular naps prevent old age...especially if you take them while driving. 
Twitter should go to the Olympics for spoiling the Olympics. #Olympics 
Once you understand that your success doesn't depend upon the failure of others you'll probably become less of an asshole. 
YOLO backwards is OLOY, "Only Losers Obey Yolo" 
I should be an announcer because I'm really good at pointing out obvious shit. 
Fellas, We have a serious question...NFL or NCAA? 
Does Chick Fil A let you order a double chicken sandwich? Seems they'd be against something w/ 2 chicks on top of each other. 
HELL YEAH, IT'S FRIDAY!!!! (sorry, just practicing for tomorrow.) 
Dear this guy, you must be rich sp  
"Trust your gut" is terrible advice. How can I put trust in something that tells me to eat an entire pizza when I get drunk? 
Who would win in the Beer Pong Olympics? USA or Canada?  
Everybody has the power to make someone else happy. Some do it by entering the room, while some do it by leaving. 
If the argument ends with her saying "Fine" ...trust me, nothing is fine. 
Dictionary Inception: When you look up the meaning of a word and the definition uses a version of the same word. 
America: Home of the obesity and skinny jean epidemic. 
The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy. 
Some women are like puppies.. you bring one home, get attached and they shit all over everything you love. 
Nickelodeon needs to remake "Wild N' Crazy Kids" but with my friends and beer...lots of beer. 
LIFE LESSON: Never do anything that you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics. 
Girls, if a guy uses emoticons while texting you, he just wants to 8====D (|) 
The true definition of an "Angry Bird" is the finger I'm showing the guy driving in front of me. 
Tribal Tattoos: Clear evidence that you got your ass kicked by the 90's. 
Thursday is the Cock Tease of the week. 
She treats her vagina like a taxi cab? #Time2Bail 
I want to experience indulgence, bliss, and pleasure...only bacon can satisfy that. 
Having a one-night-stand is good on Thursdays...you can always use the "work on Friday" excuse to get them the hell out. 
I keep some people’s phone numbers in my phone just so I know not to answer when they call. 
Best part about staying up late = total absence of morning people. 
Funny how one night, one second, one decision, could change your life forever. 
#DontYouJustHateWhen you sit down, and the pants you're wearing make you look like you have a boner. 
I stay up late every night, regret it every morning, and then do it all over again. 
Thou shall never bathe in Axe Body Spray. #comMANdments 
"Scarlett Johansson isn't my type." - No Straight Man, Ever 
Real men should know this sp  
Somebody needs to start a restaurant called "Chick-Fil-Atheist" that's only open on Sunday. 
Yes officer, I did see the "Speed limit" sign...I just didn't see you. 
LADIES! Wanna be a Men's Humor Hottie? Send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor for the chance! 
I wish that some people would realize that talking isn't necessary. 
I am undefeated in the arguments I have with people in my head. 
Common Sense is so rare it should be classified as a Super Power. 
If she's so good in bed that even your neighbor needs a cigarette, #ShesAKeeper 
In 1962, beer was a quarter... That may be the strongest argument for time travel I've ever heard. 
The last word of this tweet is beside the point. 
BEST PICKUP LINE: My penis is very polite...he always stands up so you'll have a place to sit. 
The smaller the dog, the crazier she is. #truth 
People with a sense of humor are so much easier to talk to. 
This is why you're fat sp  
Pogs should be an Olympic sport. 
Call my girlfriend.. Call my girlfrien.. Call oy girly.. Call of gurty.. Call of duty. 
#dontyoujusthatewhen you use bath salts and your friends face turns into a burger, but they forgot to hold the pickles. 
#dontyoujusthatewhen pretending to look at food in the store that you don't want bc someone is standing in front of food you want. 
I'm not saying she's fat, but her jumping jacks should be called flapjacks. 
You have "Swag"? I bet that looks great on your McDonald's application. 
HEY! Y U NO LIKE US ON FACEBOOK?  
I keep getting my hopes up when I see "XXX" so many times while channel surfing. #DamnOlympics #Olympics 
I keep getting my hopes up when I see "XXX" so many times while channel surfing. #DamnOlympics #Olympics 
Sick of seeing photos of everyone's food? Post a few of your meals on their walls...post digestion. 
Dear this guy, this chick is waaaay out of your league.  #seriously #sp #wtf 
I heard Justin Beiber called himself the Kurt Cobain of his generation... then I remembered that Kurt Cobain shot himself. 
I remember that one time, before Twitter, when I went outside and did stuff. 
Everybody knows AT LEAST one!  
#dontyoujusthatewhen you're trying to turn right and there is only 1 car in front of you that is going straight at a red light. 
#dontyoujusthatewhen ur asked to leave the store bc you put the "Caution Wet Floor" sign next to the 50 Shades of Grey display. 
#FactAboutMe If I like something on facebook, it's most likely sarcastic. 
I type things into Google to see if I spelled them correctly. 
USA! USA!   
She orders a whiskey for you... and herself. #ShesAKeeper 
My coworkers irritate me on Wednesday...and any other day ending in "y". 
Coworkers: I pay about as much attention to what your saying as I do "Regular Oven" instructions on Hot Pockets. 
Whoever coined the phrase “you don’t know what you got till its gone” was talking about toilet paper. 
True #80s kids were actually worried that worried that the rhythm was gonna get them. 
Sometimes I think life is one big test and I’m in the wrong classroom. 
"I think I'm gonna go home with that guy wearing the bluetooth headset." - No woman ever 
It isn't that I'm not a "people" person ...I'm just not a "stupid people" person. 
I'm over the #Olympics. Bring on football! 
It’s Wednesday. Hump something. 
Trying to make fun of Snoop Dogg changing his name to Snoop Lion, but I can't, it's just too fucking awesome. 
Our parents were better drinkers than we are. 
Nothing more uncomfortable than a girl with a lazy eye looking up at you while giving you head. 
Tip of the Day: Never pass up buying a drink for a woman with a hair tie on her wrist she's thinking ahead! 
Every time I make a bad decision, a referee should appear, blow a whistle and call a penalty. 
Buying someone a drink is five times better than a handshake. #Truth 
Girls hang out, apply make-up, and have long talks in the bathroom. Men do not. 
There's not enough room in my fridge for the leftovers I brought home. #FirstWorldProblems 
Pizza: Round food, cut into triangles and put into a square box. #MindBlown 
There's no better feeling than proving someone wrong. 
All a girl wants is a guy that can make her laugh, just not when he drops his pants. 
If this is you, then you're stuck in the friend zone  #sucks #sp #friendzone 
I drink 8 glasses of water a day...it just goes through a brewery first. #HappyHour #BeerMe 
The most terrifying question a woman can ask a man is: Notice anything different? 
Sex is like music: for every person who pays for it, there are thousands more getting it for free. 
I'm a kleptomaniac. It's ok though, I'm taking something for it. 
Awesome people would not exist, if not for the ordinary people. 
It's a shame that stupidity can't be converted into a usable energy source. 
All men approve of premarital sex...until they have a daughter. 
Linkedin invitations are like herpes... They pop up from time to time to remind you they still exist and nobody wants them. 
The people who wear Bluetooth headsets always look like the people least likely to ever receive phone calls. 
Best Way to deal with High School Bullies: Grow up to be smarter, richer and better looking than them and then add them on Facebook. 
Nothing makes two people happier together than the shared hatred of a third. 
How is #YOLO popular now? Was there seriously a problem of people thinking we lived twice? 
Dear this dude, why is SHE with you???  #seriously #sp #wtf 
Everytime I walk over a sewer grate I look down into it hoping to catch a glimpse of a Ninja Turtle. 
A haiku about bacon: Yes yes yes yes yes, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes, yes yes yes yes yes.  
#EveryoneHasThatFriend who treats their Facebook status like their therapist. 
Is it rude to throw an Altoid into a coworker's mouth while they are talking? 
BEST ADVICE: Never let your friends do stupid things… alone. 
I hate cats. 
"You look happy. Let me see what I can do about that." - Life 
Giving up...  
If you've never pretended a Cheeto is a tiny caveman club, we can't be friends. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize the #2012Olympics logo looks like Lisa blowing Bart Simpson.  
Apparently, “I had an interview with a better company” is not an acceptable reason for being late for work. 
If sleeping in was an Olympic event, I'd win the Gold. #RejectedOlympicEvents 
The early worm gets eaten by the bird, so sleep late. 
Hey iPhone...I ducking WANT to swear! Stupid piece of shot! 
I always hit "ignore call" with my middle finger. 
The best things in life...aren't things. #Truth 
Received a wrong number call at 6am. I now have them on speed dial to drunk dial at 2 am. 
I wake up easy most of the time, but every now and then, I wake up hard. 
#RejectedOlympicEvents Sadly, Beer Pong. But I'm still part of TEAM USA!!!  
I do my best thinking when I should be sleeping. 
Sleep is for the people without access to the Internet. 
If you want to find a needle in a haystack, burn the haystack. 
I always wonder what things went horribly wrong in someone's life that led them to buy a hotdog at 7-11. 
“Weed is Illegal” “Yeah, so is the music in your iPod.” 
Dear this guy, how did you score this chick???  #wtf #sp #mustberich 
True irony: Getting a girl pregnant on a pull out couch. 
"Booby Trap" backwards is "Party Boob!" #MindBlown 
BEST ADVICE: Whatever you put up with, you end up with. 
Dear this girl, I think I love you sp  
Just because they make skinny jeans in your size, doesn't mean you should wear them... 
They should make untangling headphones an olympic sport. #2012Olympics 
CONGRATS to this week's Men's Humor Hottie 
Guys, wanna impress a Girl? Read about this UNREAL way to get stupid ripped abs ->  - sp 
If Beer Pong were an Olympic sport, I would bring home the gold.  
No matter how old I get, I think mooning people will always be hilarious. 
Objects in profile pics are not as pretty as they appear. 
I would lose weight, but I hate losing. 
There are two types of people in this world: people who piss in the shower and liars. 
Yep.  
I haven't had this bad of a Monday since last Monday. 
..which is why I start my sentences in the middle. 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but she's been banged more than a snooze button on Monday morning. 
Mondays should be optional... 
Dear girls that go tanning, it's called 'sunkissed' not 'dorito raped'. 
Truth:  
QUICK! You have about 45 minutes left to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie!  
Netflix streaming needs an "I'm drunk. You decide." button. 
I donated blood and they told me I was type-A , turned out to be a Type-O !!! #Zing #SundayPunday 
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right. 
It's simple science!  
It should be a law that you have to spay and neuter the idiots of the world. 
If the Olympics were more like the Hunger Games I think I'd probably watch more of it. 
The #Olympics need to recognize Beer Pong as a sport already...  
You know you drank too much...  
I drink on Sunday to forget that tomorrow is Monday. 
Anyone else voting for Ron Swanson this year? 
Summer Drinking Rule # 10: Always toast before doing a shot. 
Summer Drinking Rule # 9: If someone buys you a shot, finish it. If you don't plan to finish it, don't accept it. 
Summer Drinking Rule # 8: If there is a line for drinks, get your damn drink and step the hell away from the bar. 
Summer Drinking Rule # 7: If there is ever any confusion, the fuller beer is yours. 
Summer Drinking Rule # 6: If you bring alcohol to a party, you must drink it or leave it. 
Summer Drinking Rule # 5: You will forget these rules by your fifth drink. 
Summer Drinking Rule # 4: Margaritas count as your daily serving of fruit. 
Summer Drinking Rule # 3: There are no bad beers. Some beers are just better than others. 
Summer Drinking Rule # 2: Beer. Then more beer. 
I'm pretty sure "Saturday" is Latin for "The day Zero Fucks were given". 
Greatest Job ever: Camera man for the volleyball tournament at the #2012LondonOlympics 
Summer Drinking Rule # 1: A beer tastes much better when you're not wearing shoes. 
It's so hot outside, I bet Jehovah's Witnesses are going to start telemarketing. 
I've been told I've got A.D.H.D (Alcohol Drinking and Hangover Disorder) 
When you see it...  
The bar clock always moves twice as fast from midnight to last call. 
Beer: Giving you the ambition to do anything, while simultaneously taking away your capability to do so. 
Live For Today…Plan For Tomorrow…Party Tonight! 
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive. 
What every true American should be wearing:  #olympics #london2012 #olympicceremony 
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a Wal-Mart but only 4 registers will be open. 
If it's BYOB, it's not a party. 
For the most hilarious sports coverage throughout the Olympics you really need to follow Just check out that last RT! 
Someone asked me "How do you get a fat girls into bed?" ...piece of cake. 
Only in America would they name a State after a bucket of fried chicken. 
Do slutty girls tell "That's what I said" jokes... 
BEST PICK UP LINE: My penis stopped breathing! Quick, perform CPR! 
I don't like my coworkers, but my middle finger seems to... 
‎"That guy is such a douchebag! I wonder if he's single? Maybe I can fix him!?" ~all women 
BEST #Olympics PICKUP LINE: Come back to my place so I can practice my Breast Stroke. 
"The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind." ~Humphrey Bogart #HappyHour #Friday 
Is that makeup or did you just finish having an orgy at the Crayola factory? 
You may be celebrating the #Olympics #OpeningCeremony , I'm celebrating #Friday !!! 
If I'm smiling it's because I don’t know what the hell is going on. 
I'm excited for the #Olympics but I can't wait for the football season! 
It's Friday... The only two not excited about that is my bank account and my liver. 
Obituaries would be a lot more interesting if they told you how the person died. 
I heard someone was going around pickpocketing midgets... I never thought someone could stoop so low. 
Get a 6 pack in 2 weeks. Girls love them and this is the answer to getting #ripped.  - sp 
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn. 
It's that time again. Click the link to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie!  
I think it's funny how stupid people look in smart cars. 
I just wrote a Wikipedia article about your mom. 
When you buy a Smart Car, how does that work? Are you required to give them the down payment of your testicles immediately? 
'Merica! Get it here:   
You should have to apply for a permit before you're allowed to use the "Reply All" button. 
Condom sizes should be XXL, XL, L, M, S, XS, and Justin Bieber. 
There should be an "undo" button in an elevator for when you accidentally hit the wrong floor. 
Mean guys might finish first, but girls like it when nice guys finish last. 
Lint is laundry's poop. 
Are gingers allowed to eat at restaurants that serve soul food? 
I wear earbuds that aren't hooked up to anything just so my coworkers won't talk to me. 
If my boss knew how unproductive I am on Fridays, he wouldn't want me here either. 
I never thought I'd be the type of person who would get up early in the morning to exercise...I was right. 
How I feel about work on Friday...  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you wake up with one sock on. 
Am I the only one who’s never seen a pizza delivery girl? 
It would be cool if you heard a thunder bug a few seconds after you saw a lightning bug. 
Ladies, he's all yours...  
If there are two lanes, the left one is the fast lane. If you are being passed on the right, you are an idiot. 
When you have a baby, does a hormone in your body force you to make your baby your Facebook profile picture? 
Go for girls that are like Capri Suns... You wanna have to work to get it in. 
Taking a ton of pictures only to wait a week to find out they were useless. #90sProblems 
If you love someone, set them free. If they don't come back, call them up later when you're drunk. 
"How exactly am I supposed to hold this thing." -Me, when I saw the N64 controller for the first time #90sProbs 
“I never said she stole my money” has 7 different meanings depending on the word you stress. #MindBlown 
"Sticks and stones will break my bones, but words will never hurt me." -A Piñata 
Just in time for the #Olympics!  #USA 
Half of my Facebook friends are still there solely because their life is a train wreck and it's entertaining. 
My DVR caught up with live TV and now I have to watch commercials like some sort of wild animal... #FirstWorldProblems 
That weird awkward run you do when a car lets you cross the street. 
All my texting has definitely contributed to my thumb war skills. 
These people truly know how to party sp  
I don't agree with your opinion, but I respect its straightforwardness in terms of wrongness. 
My car is really just a portable storage unit. 
"That's what." -She  
BEST ADVICE: Life doesn’t have a remote, get up and change it yourself. 
Getting quiet in the middle of your story while you wait for the waiter to refill all your water glasses. 
DO THIS NOW: Type "find chuck norris" into Google and hit "I'm feeling lucky". 
"LOL" has become the new "Yep, I have nothing to say." 
Thursday is the new Friday. #LookingForwardToTonight 
If your name is John, your parents were just lazy when they named you. 
Go ahead and play "hard to get"...I'll be over here playing "don't give a shit" 
If "dress for the job you want" were true, there would be a lot more people wearing capes. 
I hope I never have to run for my life. Honestly, I would probably die. 
Me and my bed are in a committed relationship, I think my alarm clock is just jealous of our love. 
It's all fun and games until you lose your wifi signal. 
Maybe I should stretch tonight before i go out drinking...don't want to pull a hammy doing the walk of shame tomorrow! 
If you're on the show "16 and Pregnant" you have a good chance of being on the follow-up show "32 and a Grandmother" 
I can't even take a picture these days without someone yelling at me "You better not put that on Facebook!" 
I can't even take a picture these days without someone yelling at me "You better not put that on Facebook!" 
#ItsHotWhen a girl can be herself around my friends. 
A life?! Where can I download one of those? 
#ImEasilyAnnoyedWhen I'm drunk around sober people or when I'm sober around drunk people. 
#ImEasilyAnnoyedWhen the internet goes so slow and I want to throw my laptop across the room. 
#ImEasilyAnnoyedWhen someone interrupts me and then I can’t remember what I was talking about. 
They should change wording on "check engine" light to "this shit's gonna cost ya". 
If you bang a ginger, is that like giving your penis a walk down the red carpet? 
Soup of the day: Beer #HappyHour 
fans love sex right? Get 50% off one item, w 3 free dvds, & free shipping. Use code: MH  
What is the difference between a porcupine and a BMW? A porcupine has the pricks outside. #ClassicJoke 
My definition of a clean room is having a path from the door to my bed. #BachelorLife 
SWAG is for boys. Class is for men.  #truth 
The most annoying sound = When a fly comes into your house and gets stuck in between the window and the blinds. 
Parents need to read Facebook statuses to their children as part of the "Stay in School" campaign. 
I wish there was an undo button for some of my late night mistakes. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone asks you what’s wrong and they’re the problem. 
You knocked on my door... don't look at me like it's weird to not have pants on. 
Someday, we'll look back on this, laugh nervously and change the subject. 
Ask me about my attention deficit disorder or pie or my cat. A dog! I have a bike. Do you like TV? I saw a rock. Hi. 
FACT:Chicks love six packs. Get ripped abs in just 2 weeks using this EASY trick ->  - sp 
Saying “bitch” after proving your point. 
Everybody has that friend that needs to stop bumming cigarettes and just buy a pack. 
Nothing says "mentally ill and loving it" like stuffed animals in your car window. 
A friend of mine has a trophy wife... apparently it wasn't first place. 
The AMAZING BACON! Now available in our T-Shirt shop!   
If you have to give me CPR and your breath stinks just let me die. 
Fuck YOLO. Live by F.I.S.H: Fuck It, Shit Happens. 
If you can read this, you're not doing whatever you're supposed to be doing right now either. 
Happy Hump Day! You know what to do! 
I stopped believing for a little while this morning...Journey is gonna be so pissed when they find out. 
How men communicate: Nod up to say "Hello." ...Nod down to say "Thanks." 
Once a year I do cardio, the other 364 days of the year I do couch squats. 
There's a garbage dump somewhere reeking of old "Ed Hardy" t-shirts and I couldn’t be happier. 
If I died in my sleep, you can actually say that I died doing what I loved. 
I have a dig bick.....RT if you read it wrong. 
I'm not saying you're ugly, I'm just saying you're about 8 beers away from being my type. 
Shopping at the dollar store makes me feel rich and poor all at the same time. 
Guys that do this... MAN CARD REVOKED! sp  
I wish I was stupid enough to be optimistic. 
The weekend...I want to go to there. 
You're not living life right if you don't get just a little bit nervous every time you hear a police siren. 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but she has been banged more than my snooze button. 
When life knocks me down, instead of getting back up I usually lie there and take a nap. 
My dog and I have amazing conversations when I'm drunk. 
When the machines rise up against the humans, just pray to your God that you're nowhere near a dildo factory. 
"It's a long story" = "I just don't want to tell you." 
FACT: Girls love six packs. No question about it. Get ripped #abs in just 2 weeks using this EASY trick.  - sp 
We can talk to astronauts in space, but we can’t get phone reception inside elevators. 
I'm pretty sure that boxed wine is just the adult form of juice boxes. 
Marriage. When dating goes too far. 
LADIES! Don't forget to send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for a chance to be a Men's Humor Hottie! 
Have you ever tried putting your pants on starting with the opposite leg you usually do? It's mind blowingly difficult. 
I live in constant fear of accidentally mentioning something I only know about you because I’ve stalked you on the internet. 
"Do you enjoy interacting with people?" "Nope" "Great, you're hired!" - DMV interview process 
If I let you control the music in my car, it means I would probably take a bullet for you. #Truth 
Which one are you??? sp  
Truth.  
Sometimes I like to think about my random drunken nights, look down at my beer belly and whisper to it, "you were worth it." 
Anybody remember when phones were just for talking? 
Grocery store sample lady... Let's be honest, you and I both know I'm here for the free food. 
Coors is now making iced tea beer... for all of those who ever wondered what it was like when you mixed urine w/ sweet tea. 
*Baby on board* Oh really? Thanks for letting me know, I was about to ram into your car, but now I won't. 
No matter how old you get, you will always remember the first time you laughed so hard that milk came out your nose. 
Probably drank too much coffee this morning. Probably drank too much. Probably too much coffee. Drank too much. Coffee. Probably. 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but I heard that her vagina is now a check in point on Facebook. 
The awkward when you already said "moment" in your mind before you finished reading this. 
Anyone else make that weird baby dinosaur when you wake up and stretch? 
I need breakfast! If I were any more hungry right now, Brad and Angelina would adopt me 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but if penis's had wings her mouth would be an airport. 
What did I do on the toilet before smart phones were invented? 
I miss the time when stepping on a Lego was the worst thing that could happen to you all day. #90s 
Scientist believe that coworkers are the main reason why humans developed middle fingers. 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but she's a lot like that first slice of bread that everyone touches but nobody wants. 
Anyone else?  
Even 16 years of school couldn't have prepared me for how boring real life is. 
I can't be the only one...  
Roses are red. Facebook is blue. No mutual friends. So who the hell are you? 
The quietest people have the loudest minds. #Truth 
If you do this... MAN CARD REVOKED sp  
Casual, but fun. Casual butt fun. That extra "t" can ruin your night. 
Dudes in skinny jeans...there's no need for sex if you're already in her pants... 
Fruit and Urinals give a bad name to cakes everywhere. 
My performance is higher at work when expectations of me are low. 
I'm a leader. Not a follower...unless it's a dark place, then screw it you're going first. 
The person under this tweet sucks ⇩⇩⇩⇩⇩⇩⇩⇩⇩ 
#ThatAwesomeFeeling when you get off work, take off your shoes, and crack open a beer. 
Ladies, proper grammar is sexy. #truth 
CONGRATS to this week's MH Hottie (@leticiacline on Instagram)!   
Scientific Fact: The gravitational pull of cleavage on men's eyes is incredibly strong and cannot be fought. 
WTF? This Video Is INSANE! Every MAN needs to see this IMMEDIATELY ->  - sp 
My A.D.D. gets worse when I have something I really should be working on. 
So this is real...  
It's impressive how little information I need on someone before I decide I don't like them. 
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading. 
Oh so you’re a model? Who is your agency, Instagram? 
The greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. The wheel was also a good, but doesn't go nearly as well w/ pizza. 
If my ceiling fan could hold my weight, I would never be bored again. 
Dear this guy, your MAN CARD has been REVOKED! sp  
Life is like box of chocolates... it doesn't last long for the fat asses. 
When I'm feeling athletic, I go to a sports bar. 
I haven't had this bad of a Monday since last Monday. 
I would tell you to go to hell, but I work there and I don't want to see you everyday. 
The bacon wallet! Now available in our store:   
If you have a girl at "hello" she's probably a slut. 
When advertising your business on the side of your car it's a good idea not to drive like a complete asshole. 
Every mom has a telephone voice. 
Folgers coffee ads are wring...the best part of waking up is being able roll over and go back to sleep. 
Every group has that one friend that doesn't ever contribute to the conversations and just laughs at everything. 
I pretty much spend all day, every day, just looking forward to going back to sleep. 
Everyday besides Friday Saturday Sunday might as well be Monday... 
Breaking News: There is still no cure for mornings. 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but she goes after balls like a hungry hungry hippo. 
Sometimes I see fat girls and I think, "I bet you need a scuba license to go down on her." 
Don't forget to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie this week!  
I drink on Sunday to forget that tomorrow is Monday. 
Anybody remember when phones were just for talking? 
#ThatMoment when you can't figure out if someone has Bluetooth, or is just crazy... 
A drunk person is just an awesome version of a sober person. 
Weekend Advice: Some of life’s best lessons are learned while watching your drunk friends. 
I drink so I can Tolerate others. 
If I still made phone calls, you'd be my #1 speed dial. 
When life knocks me down, instead of getting back up I usually lie there and take a nap. 
I'm surprisingly nice for someone who hates 99% of people. 
I dont want to sound like a badass or anything but I play Wii without the wrist strap on... 
Axehole: A person who uses an obscene amount of Axe body spray. 
Taking yourself to "Palm Prom" #SlangTermsForMasturbating 
I could be a morning person....if morning happened around noon. 
Why do I always turn the volume down when I’m searching for a parking space? 
I know my limits...I don't pay any attention to them, but I know them. #FridayNight 
I hope to God that Anne Hathaway’s Catwoman costume is popular this Halloween. 
My Mom + My Dad - Condom = Greatest Person Alive 
Too Bad Stephen Hawking doesn't have a son named Loogie. 
Pregret: when you regret something before it even happens. #FridayNight 
When I said I'd hit that, I meant with my car. 
If I text with "Almost there!" I haven't left yet. 
You say I blacked out, I say teleportation. 
All a girl wants is a guy that can make her laugh...just not when he drops his pants. 
It's another tough call this week! Click the link to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie:  
Is it "fuck work" o'clock yet? 
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when people check out more than 10 items in an Express lane. 
Fellas, Let's start the #weekend !!!  
Beer: The WD40 for conversations. 
BEST ADVICE: Life is so short, for fuck sake, just do what makes you happy. 
I went to the store to buy condoms, the cashier asked me if I needed a bag. I told her “No, she’s not that ugly” 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you accept a compliment that wasn’t meant for you. 
Dear "Bad Bitch" You don't look like a "bad bitch". You just look bad, bitch. 
I'm probably going to be kicked out of this hospital if I get caught using their intercom to page Dr. Dre one more time. 
I love my six pack so much that I protect it with a layer of fat. 
There's nothing more awkward than the first 30 seconds when someone plays you a song they think you'll like. 
Fact: Girls love 6 packs. Check out this 1 weird trick to getting buff arms & 6 pack abs in less than 2 weeks.  - sp 
#FF ...but only if you're into laughing. 
I don't have a problem with idiots... I have a problem with the fact they they have an internet connection... 
My mom always told me if you can’t say anything nice, don’t say anything at all…and some people wonder why I’m so quiet around them. 
YOLO... sending douchebags to prison since 2012. 
You have no idea how funny I am to me. 
Heard you're dating my ex? How do I taste? 
M̸o̸n̸d̸a̸y̸ T̸u̸e̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ W̸e̸d̸n̸e̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ T̸h̸u̸r̸s̸d̸a̸y̸ Friday Saturday Sunday #Weekend 
What's the point of a high school reunion? Facebook already ruined the surprise of me finding out that you got fat. 
How to get Fired: Yell "WHAT ARE YOU DOING? PULL UP YOUR PANTS!", just as your boss ends a teleconference. 
Casual Friday is a great way to confirm who all the hoochies are in the office. 
I don't mind going to work. It's that eight-hour wait to go home that bothers me. 
I don't think I should have to go to church on Sunday if I have been to Chick-fil-a 3 times this week. #wafflefries 
I'm not the only one that drives to work hoping its a crime scene, am I? 
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when I get comfortable in bed and realize I forgot to do something. 
Actually, I WOULD wish that on my worse enemy. 
Pretty much every decision I make revolves around food, beer, or if I'll be able to sit down. 
Just posted a photo  
Hey people who like to start conversations with complete strangers, knock that shit off. 
When you find it hard to keep a girl, find a girl that keeps it hard. 
It's not my fault that my phone is more interesting than you. 
“Basically, I'm for anything that gets you through the night, be it prayer, tranquilizers or a bottle of Jack Daniels.” -Sinatra 
It's almost the #weekend , guys! Make it to the Finish Line!  
#EverybodyKnowsThatPerson you want to punch for no reason every-time you see them. 
Homework: "Do me, do me." Internet: "Don’t listen to that slut." 
Some of your best memories will come from your dumbest decisions. #Truth 
If you went to school here, then you know how to party!  - sp 
If it weren't for the last minute, my work would never get done. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: Let's see the new Batman movie then you come over and watch my "Dark Knight" rise! #NameYourDickAfterAMovie 
I have so much to do, I think I need to take a nap first to prepare. 
Convincing my dog I really threw the ball is the closest I'll ever get to being a magician. 
As a kid there was nothing better than making the honking signal to a truck driver and him honking back. 
I'm no cactus expert. But, I know a prick when I see one. 
If you're ever playing touch football with MC Hammer, make sure he is on YOUR team. 
The one thing #ireallycantstandwhen I'm drunk is up. 
10 things you will NEVER hear a man say...  
For a Kid, the "Walk of Shame" is when you have to put something back in a store after your mom says "No". 
Men, do you want Washboard abs? You need to read this 1 weird trick to getting a ripped 6 pack in 2 weeks ->  - sp 
Remember when MTV was about music videos, not pregnant teens? 
I will carry 10 grocery bags or die trying before making two trips. #truth 
I will carry 10 grocery bags or die trying before making two trips. #truth 
I had something witty to say, but the topic was changed before I could say it. #FirstWorldProblems 
There is no better feeling than banging your way out of the friend zone. 
I hate when you're asked to leave the bookstore bc you put the "Caution Wet Floor" sign next to the 50 Shades of Grey display. 
Screw the cookies, the best Welcoming Gift from a Neighbor is free Wi-Fi. 
"You're like my brother" = "Welcome to the friendzone" #SorryBro 
#TheFunnyThing about this Tweet is that by the time you realize it says absolutely nothing, it will be too late to stop reading. 
#ThatMoment when you wish you had never met Carly Rae Jepsen... 
There'd be less accidents if there was a texting lane. 
Why do I always turn the volume down in my car when I'm lost? 
#ThatAngryMoment when you plug your phone into your charger but you realize hours later your charger wasn’t plugged in. 
Google is like automatic flush toilets... chill out, I didn't get everything out yet. 
coffee...must have...coffee 
I guess Wendys has a new menu item...  
You can drink a girl pretty. You can't drink a girl skinny... 
Never steal... the government hates competition. 
Ever misspell a word so badly that you spell a different word correctly? 
How often you use the phrase "No Offense" is directly correlated to how much of an Asshole you are. 
‎"Just going on the computer to check one thing!" - Me, three hours ago. 
" #CheatingIsOkayIf you spread peanut butter on your balls and let your dog lick it off...cuz it's your dog." -Road Trip #Classic 
WTF? This Video Is INSANE! Every Man Needs To See This IMMEDIATELY:WATCH IT NOW!  - sp 
I'm not shy. I'm just holding back my awesomeness so I don't intimidate you. 
Your FB profile says 'Single and ready to mingle!' ??? Sorry dude, you're just a 'Loner with a Boner.' 
It takes balls to be a man. 
After I die, I want someone to periodically log in as me so it looks like I'm haunting Facebook. 
I wish I could trade my heart for another liver, so I could drink more and care less. 
It would be nice to spend Billions of dollars on Education but right now that money is desperately needed for political ads. 
Fellas, looks like we have a Bad Ass on our hands.  
Bacon is the duct tape of the kitchen. It fixes everything... and if it can't, you should probably just throw it away. 
At least clean up the bathroom before taking your profile picture. 
Nothing is more awkward than saying something to your parents and immediately afterwards realizing it sounded extremely sexual. 
There’s never enough time to do all the nothing you want. #Truth 
Just posted a photo  
Proof that most people are morons = The grocery store self-checkout line. 
Guys, want abs? You need to read this 1 weird trick to getting a ripped 6 pack in 2 weeks ->  - sp 
What would the world be like if McDonalds delivered? 
Few things are as frustrating as being stuck behind the "super slow indecisive lane switcher" on the road. 
#EveryoneHasThatFriend who always brings up a mistake you made years ago. 
Gay jokes aren't funny... cum on guys. 
Anti-Depression Tip: Go to your local Wal-Mart and hang out by the fitting rooms. 
It will be a sad day when the priests start saying "you may now change your Facebook status to married." 
Women: Logic need not apply. 
She recognizes Hump Day and celebrates accordingly... #ShesAKeeper 
Lazy Rule #1  
Things were simpler when everything in my life fit perfectly inside my awesome Trapper Keeper. 
It's Wednesday! You can do it! I believe in you!! And if you can't......there's always beer. 
There are no stupid questions. Just stupid people with stupid mouths forming stupid words. 
Wake up that person next to you and wish them a Happy #HumpDay! They should know what to do... (: 
Time to get out of bed. The world is not going to dominate itself! 
Autocorrect ain't nothing to duck with. 
Is it still technically a "walk of shame" if I rollerbladed? 
All beer and no dinner makes me a drunk boy. 
Biggest Problem with the 2012 Olympics: No Beer Pong. 
I wish facebook had an "I don't give a shit" button... 
I'm having an off day...pants-wise. 
My internet went down yesterday. I think my neighbor forgot to pay the bill. How irresponsible... 
I like fast food because I don't like to use real words. I prefer to scream a number at an insecure teenager's face. 
LADIES! Wanna be a Men's Humor Hottie? Send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com 
Fellas, these 20 tips will help you be a master in bed.  - sp 
Maybe hipsters will get off Facebook because MySpace is now officially considered vintage. 
Just posted a photo  
Just ordered a pizza and tore off part of the box to make a paper plate. #BachelorLife 
The "Share To Facebook" button on porn sites... Who watches porn and thinks, "I bet my family and friends would enjoy this."?! 
I’m starting to think I buy bananas just to watch them die a slow death in my own home. 
What's the worlds longest sentence? .... I do. 
Some people tell me I have a short temper. I prefer to call it "A swift and assertive reaction to bullshit." 
I don't get people. I mean, you compliment someone on their mustache out of politeness... and suddnely she hates your guts. 
I'm never satisfied with the speed of my windshield wipers. 
Dudes, THIS is a GREAT reason to watch soccer.  #London2012 #olympics #sp #babes 
#MyLastWordsBeforeIDie will NOT be "YOLO" !!! 
Best feeling = Seeing your ex with someone uglier and fatter than you. 
FACT: My I.Q. goes from 130 to about 7 when there’s a hot girl around. 
I can't be the only one that thought "50 Shades of Grey" was about a senior citizen gang-bang... 
I wonder if my coworkers can actually taste the bullshit as it spills out of their mouths. 
Trying new food at is like losing your virginity... a lil nervous before, now I think about it nonstop & want more! 
Dudes, chicks love #abs. You need to read this 1 weird trick to getting a ripped 6 pack in 2 weeks->  - sp 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're in deep thought...then 2 minutes later you realize you are staring directly at someone. 
Every girl has a slutty friend... if you don't, then you are the slutty friend. #truth 
If beer, coffee, or a nap can’t cure it, you’ve got a serious problem. 
Illegal immigrants can stay, let's deport the juggalos. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: Wanna have sex? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no. 
Don't worry, if we all die in 2012, goes with us... 
Cell phones ruined pushing people into pools. 
Most people think they are hot shit when they are really just cold diarrhea. 
How can this cop expect me to show him my license when he took it away last month? What an Idiot. 
Tuesday isn't so bad. It's a sign that I've somehow survived Monday. 
I had so much coffee I made it to work in under 4 minutes but I forgot to bring my car! 
What did I do on the toilet before cell phones were invented? 
I wonder what percentage of Pop Tarts ever see inside of a toaster? 
#YourTextGotIgnoredBecause I was too busy with your mom! #ZING 
"But officer, I thought my GPS counted as my designated driver." 
My iPhone 4 is, hands down, the nicest flashlight I've ever owned. 
If you don't like something, just take away it's only power: Your attention. #Truth 
#ThatAwkwardMoment you finish a TV series and suddenly don't know what to do with your life anymore... 
Dear these girls, please keep the makeup on. Sincerely, everyone sp  
Please don't dress like a slut unless you're really a slut...It's very confusing to us guys. 
Congrats on being one of the "cool kids" in Highschool. Too bad about the rest of your life though. 
I wonder what it is that I did to get reincarnated as me. 
#Truth  
Psycho chicks are like dryer lint... If you don't get rid of it early enough, it could burn your house down. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: Did you fall from a shooting star? Because your face looks like it slammed into earth at 1500 mph. 
So true...  
The plan was just to spoon... but we ended up sporking. 
When someone says "be honest" what they really mean is: lie to me, but be as convincing as possible. 
You only live once, which is a fantastic reason to never say YOLO. 
CONGRATS to for being this week's Men's Humor Hottie!  
I have yet to see a security guard I couldn't beat the shit out of. 
89: Just 69 with a fat chick. 
I'm filthy rich...50% of this is true. 
Dudes, wanna gain muscle fast? Then check this out to get those abs you've always wanted ->  - sp 
Awww...  
"Those fake bullet holes stickers on your car make you look like a real bad ass" -Nobody 
No officer, I didn't see you in my rear view...my eyes haven't left my phone for at least the past 5 miles. 
I wonder if Allstate insures penises? I would love for mine to be in good hands. 
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you're listening to music while driving and the song ends when you reach your destination. 
True #90s kids know this sp  
I live by a strict code of if I don't open my bills, I don't have to pay them... 
You think you're pretty smart until you have to figure out how to turn on someone else's shower. 
Why did the semen cross the road? Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning. 
Relax...We're all crazy...It's not a competition. 
If days of the week were sex acts, Monday would be a dry, passionless handjob... 
I woke up hungover...  
Being in a relationship depends on one basic question...do you wanna be happy or right? 
If Monday was a person it would be a ginger. 
Of all the lies I tell, "I was just kidding!" is my favorite. 
I'm feeling lazier than the guy who drew the Japanese flag. 
If I just lie in bed ignoring it, maybe my bladder will realize it's not the boss of me. 
Something magical happens when you just stop giving a fuck. 
I'm so lazy, my snooze button just hit me. 
I hate Amish people. If this offends you, what are you doing on a computer? 
This guy is going to regret this...  
I always look wasted from photos on the weekend. I was drunk, but the camera adds 10 drinks or so... 
Sundays bring out everyone's inner senior citizen. 
Some girls are just NSFW... Not Safe For Wallet. 
"Nobody listens to me" - Yellow traffic light 
Wanna embarrass yourself? Go back a couple years on your own Facebook. 
Hello Sunday hangover, we meet again. 
If my Brita "purified" my tap water into vodka, I'd probably start drinking 8 glasses a day 
Texting and driving = illegal...sexting and driving = awesome 
The best way to baby proof your house is by wearing a condom. 
To err is human, it's also how I pronounce "error" after a few drinks 
No matter where you go in the world, you can never escape douche bags. 
BEST PICK UP LINE: You'll do. 
Sobriety is for Week days. #Weekend 
Weekend Advice: Some of life’s best lessons are learned while watching your drunk friends. 
Parents these days are naming their kids "Brooklyn" and "Bentley" ? That has to be a sign of the apocalypse. 
still durnk. 
durnk. 
It's amazing how alcohol can make you do so many stupid things on your smart phone. 
Oh my! Look at the time, it's Beer-o'clock! 
Nothing makes me feel so old as having to scroll down to find my Year of Birth. 
Remember ladies, vibrators can't kill spiders or mow the lawn. 
"That Tapout shirt really makes you look badass." -No One Ever 
My I.Q. goes from 125 to about 14 when there's a hot girl around. 
Wanna gain muscle fast? Then check this out to get those ripped abs you've always want ->  - sp 
Decisions decisions. Time to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie! Click the link to check 'em out:  
Beers should come with a "May reverse bros before hoes" warning. 
Real #90s kids understand the pain of having Killer Tofu by The Beets stuck in your head all day. 
Do strippers with fake boobs accept monopoly money? 
I'm a bacon patriot.  
I'm on Twitter because my family is on Facebook. 
I hate pretending to look at food in the store that you don't want bc someone is standing in front of food you want. 
I'm sorry Winter... I take it back. #hotasshit 
Everyone follow Seriously some of the funniest stuff ever! #ff 
I'm not saying she is crazy, but if her emotions were on my iPod they would be on shuffle. 
True #90s kids know this sp  
That awkward moment when you’re trying to end a conversation and the other person won’t stop talking. 
If my dog has learned anything from our conversations, it's that he is "Such a good boy! Yes he is!" 
If your status update contains the words, “I know 99% of you won’t repost this,” there is a 99% chance you’re an idiot. 
I'd never slip a roofie in your unattended drink...I'm broke...I'm going to drink your unattended drink 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when iTunes shuffle decides to put on your most embarrassing songs. 
When I see an unattended phone I take a photo of my balls and then put it in their contacts under "Dad". 
I'm having an "out of money" experience... 
You're not living life right if you don't get just a little bit nervous every time you hear a police siren. #Truth 
You'll never see me on Hoarders because I can't afford that much shit. 
My car doubles in value when I fill my gas tank up. 
FRIDAY!!! (my 2nd favorite "F" Word) 
Thank Science it's Friday. 
Cheers! Here's to making tomorrow's hangover totally worth it tonight! 
Quesadillas are a more evolved form of grilled cheese. 
You can convince people to go anywhere with the promise of free beer. #Truth 
Good friends don’t let you do dumb things…Best friends don't let you do dumb things alone. 
I had for dinner... I think I might be pregnant with a food baby... I'd better drink for two tonight! 
Sometimes Google should just come back with a message that says “trust me, you don’t want to know.” 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but I tried to put her name as my password and it said "error: too easy" 
Men socialize by insulting each other but they really don't mean it. Women socialize by complimenting each other, they don't mean it either. 
I'm not saying she's fat, but she should be on Google +++ 
LADIES! Don't forget to send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com ... The top 4 will be posted tomorrow! 
Guys with unibrows, you may think it’s unmanly to pluck that shit, but it’s far more unmanly to never get laid. 
You say "getting married" ...I hear "penis retirement" 
Yikes...  #ugh #sp 
It's so quiet in the office today, I can hear myself not working. 
More sad news in the music industry today... was found alive in his apartment earlier today... 
FACT: People who often use & understand sarcasm are more likely to have a high I.Q. 
If the wand chooses the wizard, does the cane choose the pimp? These are important questions. 
I'm convinced that anyone driving the speed limit or slower has drugs in their car. 
I don't think your life is a joke but I take you about as serious as the "Regular Oven" instructions on a Hot Pocket. 
These are awesome! #Awesome #ActionShots #PerfectMoment  - sp 
#howtokeeparelationshipwithme She can cook like her mother and drink like her father. 
#howtokeeparelationshipwithme After a long day at work, she is at home with a cold beer waiting for you. 
#howtokeeparelationshipwithme She's cool with staying in, ordering a pizza and playing Mario Kart. 
Why do people with bad breath always want to tell you secrets? 
Can't stress this enough...  
The Big Mac doesn't look anything like the ones in the ads... Same goes with people and Facebook profile pics. 
If I’m weird around you, that means I’m comfortable with you. 
According to the #GuyCode AND the dictionary bros do come before hoes. 
My room isn’t dirty, I just have everything on display...like a museum! 
I'm not saying she's a slut but whenever she eats a banana in public, she puts one hand behind her head. 
What do you call a black man on the moon? An astronaut you racist asshole! 
That frustrating moment when you know exactly what something means but not how to explain it. 
Being at the office without the boss there is a lot like being at home w/ no parents.... 
I wish that some people would realize that talking isn't necessary. 
I can almost always tell when dinosaurs in movies aren't real. 
I wake up relatively happy every morning. Then I interact with other people and things change quickly. 
The word "bed" looks like a bed. #MindBlown 
A true Wingman knows to get the Cockblocking friend really drunk so you can work your game with ease. #WordsFromTheWingman 
Immature: A word Boring People use to describe Fun People #Truth 
Hipsters, Before buying a pair of skinny jeans, try not doing it. 
If she does this, it's probably #Time2Bail  #psycho #sp #stalker 
I only drink twice a year. When it's my birthday and when it's not my birthday. 
I like my women like I like my coffee... hot and bottomless. 
Pintervention: When an intervention is needed to drag your girlfriend off Pintrest. 
Everybody has that friend that gets laid once and talks about it for the next two years... 
It should be against the law to go to an All-You-Can-Eat Buffett and quit after one plate. 
You have 2,000 friends on FB and your profile pic was taken in the mirror? You couldn't find one of your "friends" to take it? 
More people would drink responsibly if there was a brand of vodka named Responsibly. 
I'm not broke but my "check wallet" light is on. 
Fellas, you're welcome  #MeganFox #sp #HOT 
The older I get, the more I enjoy being bored. 
Isn't kind of ironic that after their one hit, Chumbawumba got knocked down and never got back up again? 
Drinks at the bar should be served in capri sun-like pouches, and if you can't get the straw in then they cut you off. 
I'm not kind of a big deal, I'm a huge fucking deal. 
A woman always worry about the things that men forget and men always worry about the things women remember #Truth 
If your status update contains the words, "I know 99% of you won't repost this," there is a 99% chance you're an idiot. 
This is hilarious...  
When I'm about to die and my life flashes before my eyes I'm worried that a lot of it will just be Twitter and TV. 
A weekend wasted is a weekend well spent. 
Girls, this should make you feel good sp  
How I took Scantron Tests in High School: "Well...I haven't picked 'C' in a while." 
Girls, if you can't walk in those high heels, they're no longer sexy. #truth 
Let's play a game...  
"I deleted your Facebook account and made us a joint account." Time2Bail 
I still run up the stairs like a gorilla because its easier that way. 
I never did, still don't, and probably never will, give a shit what Simon says. 
Sometimes I feel like my life should be flagged as inappropriate. 
I can tell how uncomfortable a person is just by hugging them for 17 minutes. 
Some girls are nice and others you want to tell to go have their period in a shark tank. 
You know those orange cones they put on the highway for you to knock down? I just beat my high score! 
Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine? On the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside. #ClassicJoke 
My short-term memory is my only problem...well, that, and my short-term memory 
I miss the days when my tamagotchi died and that was my biggest problem. #90sProblems 
Not saying shes a slut, but if here vagina was a videogame it would be rated E for everyone. 
I'd rather have a life of "Oh wells" than a life of "what ifs" 
Everybody knows somebody that has TERRIBLE taste in music. 
Bad decisions make THE best stories. 
A drink tastes 20 % better when you're not wearing shoes. #SummerDrinkingRules 
Want to know what girls really think about you? sp  
Whenever somebody calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them because I know how hard life is for the visually impaired. 
"When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking." 
Their is nothing worse that realizing the vacation you planned is going to be the same week as her period. 
Men are paid more than Women because Women expect Men to buy their dinner and drinks. #Truth 
#ThatPanicMoment when someone uses your computer and you can't remember what you left on the screen. 
Proof that you are paying too much for your home phone: you have a home phone. 
I'm not ignoring your calls, my ringtone is just that awesome. 
Beer: The "Clear History" button of my Brain. 
Before the Civil Rights Act the components of the Oreo were sold separately. Now when I eat one I think "that it is change I can believe in" 
All of these are awesome!  sp #college #classics 
I'm probably not the first person to notice, but the plots of "Finding Nemo" and "Taken" are virtually identical. 
Stevie Wonder is a godlike musician w/ a 4 decade career, but can he see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch? Nope. 
Whenever you feel like a genius...  
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you laugh so hard, your eyes water and people think you’re crying. 
I was watching a show that I DVR'ed and I forgot to skip the commercials. #FirstWorldProblems 
"I'm mad at you because I had a dream that you cheated on me.." #Time2Bail 
Turtle Burgers: Beef and Hotdogs wrapped in Bacon...I need to go change my underwear.  
Halloween = Candy, Thanksgiving = Food, Christmas = Gifts, New Years = Drinks, Valentines = Sex, Birthdays = ALL OF THE ABOVE 
LADIES! Wanna be a Men's Humor Hottie? Send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com for the chance! 
If it can't be fixed with beer, bacon or duct tape... you've got serious problems. 
A woman who has no idea how hot she is, is so hot. #Truth 
Chicks are like the Dallas Mavericks, once you get the ring, you just stop trying. 
Dear these girls, easy on the makeup. Sincerely, everyone. sp  
McDonald's should have an express drive thru lane just for people who need french fries. 
The #threewords that can get your #ManCardRevoked are Egg White Omelette. 
The 3 scariest words your girlfriend can ever say to you... "notice anything different?" #threewords 
#threewords Bacon Wrapped Anything! 
Girls, there's a thin line between wearing makeup and looking like a Juggalo. 
S.O.B.E.R. = Son Of a Bitch, Everything's Real! 
The phrase "What a dick" has totally different meaning when it is said in the bedroom. 
I've spent way too much of my life wondering why food doesn't rhyme with good. 
Bacon: The Duct Tape of the kitchen... it fixes EVERYTHING! 
There is nothing more terrifying than sneezing while driving. 
When I found out that Snooki got a book deal I was more confused than a blind lesbian at a fish market. 
Today feels like a pull the fire alarm kinda day. 
Some dude just yelled at me for texting and driving...I told him to get off my hood and mind his own business. 
I hate mosquitoes! I mean, I know I'm delicious but damn... 
Water is the most essential element of life, because without water, you can't make coffee. 
I've been waiting for this moment ever since I got up... goodnight! 
Women know exactly what they want until the second they have to choose. #Truth 
Blow jobs save lives...from ever happening. 
Whenever I say "I don't mean that in a bad way", I usually do. 
Nobody ever says "It's only a game" when their team is winning. #Truth 
Sometimes all you gotta do is say, "fuck it," and move on. #truth 
Longest minute of life: waiting for food to come out of the microwave... 
Sometimes I wish people could clone themselves, so they could go fuck themselves. 
Women don't poop, they hold it in and it comes out as drama. 
I'm beginning to realize that some people must actually enjoy being miserable. 
I don't care how old I am, if I go out to eat and there are crayons and paper placemats with puzzles... game on! 
It's a crazy day when guys wanna see a movie about a teddy bear and girls wanna see a movie about strippers. 
She's hot, she's funny, she's #FollowNow 
Oh, you don't get hangovers? Yeah, you're doing it wrong. 
If you hear a loud scream followed by crying, don't worry about it...That was just me at the gas pump filling up my car. 
When someone rings the doorbell my dog always assumes it's for him. 
Soooo, you like it on top?  sp 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you find out there’s going to be a Taken 2 & wonder who’d be dumb enough to kidnap his daughter again? 
So you're hot and flaunt it... Your attitude makes you ugly. 
CONGRATS to (@megan621 on Instagram) for being this week's Men's Humor Hottie!  
Don't judge me...If you're reading this then you aren't working either! 
Everybody secretly hates that couple who plans their wedding on holiday weekends. 
All guys know this...  
Boobs: Proving that guys can focus on two things at once. 
So this is what Megan Fox looked like in high school...  sp 
Send message without subject? Yes, Gmail. fuck off. 
I come to a complete stop at a Stop Signs...when cops are around... 
Hitting on a girl with a boyfriend...  
I hate it when my boss calls my name and I automatically think "What the hell did I do now?" 
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong. 
Pretending to be a functioning adult is exhausting. 
#RememberWhen this was an insult... “Up your butt and around the corner” 
At work, when you don't know what to do, just walk fast and look worried. 
My ex has PMS and GPS. That means she's a bitch & she will find me. 
Monday found me again...must hide better next time. 
It's a humbling moment when you realize your dog has actually trained you to do something. #Truth 
I hate when I'm about to hug someone really sexy, and my face hits the mirror. 
The 3 worst words to hear right now..."Tomorrow is Monday" 
Mondays are Sunday's poop. 
"I'm sorry" and "my bad" mean the same thing... Unless you're at a funeral. 
Enough of this baseball crap! It's Sunday! Bring on the Football! #CantWait 
"They say alcohol is man's worst enemy but the bible says love your enemies!" - Frank Sinatra 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your toys make 3 movies behind your back. 
You wake up to the hottie from the bar cooking you Breakfast. #WIN #ShesAKeeper 
#ReTweetThisIf you have included bacon in your lunch! 
You'd think as drunk as I got last night that I wouldn't be in a bar again tonight......You'd think. 
My life is becoming a very complicated drinking game. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you forget what you’re watching during the commercial break. 
Instead of "single" as a marital status, it should read "independently owned and operated" #Truth 
Remember doing the “I’m thinking really hard face” when the teacher looks at you? 
Fill In The Blank: The Best drink to have on a Saturday Afternoon is ________. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you find out there’s going to be a Taken 2 & wonder who’d be dumb enough to kidnap his daughter again? 
Let's keep it real. We all hope our exes have horrible lives. 
It's a crazy day when guys wanna see a movie about a teddy bear and girls wanna see a movie about strippers. 
For anyone with an EX  
They say the early bird gets the worm....Helloooooo tequila!! 
Fill In The Blank: The Best Cure for a Hangover is _________. 
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am. 
Many things can be preserved in alcohol...Dignity is not one of them. #FridayNight 
Bumper stickers from past elections are the tramp stamps of the automobile world. 
LOL!!! Check out this week's 20 most inappropriate tweets, celeb news and more here:  - sp 
Epic girlfriend...  
It would be awesome if ABC said "fuck it... I'm bringing TGIF back." 
I want to be the reason you clear your browser history. 
Sure, you may be the responsible one, but I will always have the better stories. 
Before you get married try walking with your partner through IKEA. If you don't end up in an argument, you're good to go. 
"What? I can't even do that sober!" is the worst thing you can say during a sobriety test. 
The later I get, the drunker it is. #HappyHour #Friday 
It's Friday! Time to mute your conscience and party! 
Dear this girl, so is that your boobs or your butt?  #fail #sp 
Waste of Space: The “Regular Oven” instructions on Hot Pockets. 
I panic when I check my pockets and realize my phone isn't in my pocket... then I realize I it's in my other hand... 
#MentionSomeoneBeautiful is trending, so how about some Men's Humor Hotties?! Vote for your favorite here:  
They say you never forget your first love...it's true...not a day goes by that I don't think about beer. 
She opens your beer with high-heeled shoes #ShesAKeeper 
YEP! It's another #FF so do yourself a favor and follow if you think laughing is fun. #MustFollow #Friday 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you wake up from a 5 minute nap and have no idea what day or month or year it is. 
Alcohol goes in, truth comes out. 
I'm available if anyone needs me to ruin a good thing before it even starts. 
#UnansweredHipHopQuestions was everybody down with O.P.P ??? 
It's Friday! Here's to being single and sleeping plural! 
Hot chicks who fall for Douches make me glad about the Mayan's predictions. 
Men have feelings too... I FEEEEL horny and hungry all the time. 
It's Friday. We got this!  
If banks were as fiercely regulated as McDonalds breakfast cut off time, there'd be no problems. 
It's #Friday , the only one unhappy about that is my liver. 
The Best thing about the internet: It's available to everyone. The Worst thing about the internet: It's available to everyone. 
Sleep is my drug. My bed is my dealer. My alarm is the cops. Work is the jail. 
If Morgan Freeman was smart then he would record himself giving his eulogy. 
As marriages are born, friendships are killed. 
Fuck Yeah! It's Friday! 
Some people use the Four-Letter Word "WORK" to bail after a One Night Stand...I use a Four-letter Word too...GTFO! 
#WorstWesternsEver ...The Kanye West. 
Ladies, don't mess with ours heads and we won't think with our dicks. 
Sometimes, I wish real world conversations had a 140 character limit... 
#SomePeopleNeedTo know when to end their careers...We're all looking at you 
You can't hum while holding your nose. Try it! 
I sure do feel a hell of alot more attractive at walmart than I do at the gym... 
These are amazing. I want them all.  Someone buy 'em for me! #awesome #sp #beer 
Sometimes, the best Wingman is a WingWOMAN. #WordsFromTheWingman 
Goonies is in her top 5 favorite movies. #ShesAKeeper 
Endangered Species: Hot and drinks good beer. #ShesAKeeper 
Gas pumps should at least buy you dinner before they start fucking you. 
Best Advice: Say NO to Long-distance relationships...absence may make the heart grow fonder, but it makes the penis wander. 
I'm not saying she's a slut, but if penis's had wings her mouth would be an airport. 
Thou shall never invite chicks to Poker Night...unless they're playing for their clothes. #comMANdments 
Dominated by pizza...  
"I think I am gonna go home with that guy wearing blue tooth." - No Woman Ever 
Every man should have one of these.  #beer #swag #sp 
LADIES! Don't forget to send your pics and Twitter name to hotties@menshumor.com if you want to be a Men's Humor Hottie! 
How can you sue Walmart if you fall, McDonald's if you get fat, but not Budweiser for all the ugly chicks you slept with? 
If you had her at "hello" she is probably a slut. 
Thou shall never share a drink with another man. #comMANdments 
You didn't have a childhood if you never had that moment when your Capri Sun doesn't want to lose its virginity. 
The first rule of relationships: You don't find out why someone was available until it's too late. 
#TheAwkwardMoment when you see someone you know at the grocery store then run into them 6 more times after you say goodbye. 
Thou shall never get into a bubble bath...unless a lady is waiting for you there. #comMANdments 
So you think you're a true #90s kid?  #nick #sp 
If God sneezed, what would you say to him? 
You don't learn #GuyCode...it's embedded into your DNA. #Truth 
Why did the condom go flying through the air? He was pissed off. #Classic 
Best Advice: Only invite your core group of dudes on an Epic Road Trip. 
I will never outgrow Captain Crunch. 
Holy shit, I just found out time travel is possible. You can go to 2004 by just following this link:  
Alcohol... because remembering is overrated. 
Playing Beer Pong always makes for a good night...playing Whiskey Pong always makes for a terrible morning. #Hangover 
I wish they made bitch repellent. 
The Worst = Going back to work the day after a Holiday. 
I am jealous of all the people that have independence from their jobs today. 
A true measure of your Patriotism is how Hungover you are on July 5th. 
Having to go into work tomorrow is giving me serious weekend blue balls. 
I like to put things back where I got them from when I am done using them...so I dropped your mom off at the bar. 
The people who need firecracker safety tips aren't the people who read firecracker safety tips. 
Why is it always the same person getting in your way from start to checkout at the grocery store? 
There’s nothing like celebrating America’s independence by spending hundreds of dollars on Chinese fireworks. 
Being an American is awesome. The end. 
“You heard me say I wanted a lot of bacon & eggs, but what I said was: Give me all the bacon and eggs you have.” -Ron Swanson 
If you know these, you can keep your #ManCard #sp  
"There, I guess King George will be able to read that." -John Hancock, after signing the Declaration of Independence 
It's July 4th and I'm not as think as you drunk I am. 
Sometimes, I feel like my life should be documented for future generations. 
Swanson is the reason for the season #Happy4th  
I'm not saying she's a slut, but her and fireworks have a lot in common... They're both bangin' in the street. #happy4th 
If fireworks are illegal in your neighborhood, just pick up a couple burritos from Chipotle' and wait a little bit. #4thofjuly 
FACT: Chuck Norris doesn’t celebrate the #4thOfJuly. The #4thOfJuly celebrates Chuck Norris. 
#TheAwkwardMoment when you realize that according to MASH this isn't the life you were supposed to have... 
The #4thOfJuly combines the two things Americans love most in one day: Beer and Explosives! 
Happy #July4th! Declare independence from your responsibilities! #4thofJuly 
Beer: More American than apple pie.  #Merica #sp #4thOfJuly 
3 cheers for the Red, White and Blue! #4thOfJuly 
I'm drunk because America told me to do it. #PeerPressure #Merica #4thofJuly 
America, FUCK YEAH! #4thofjuly 
#biebermemories When the water bottle hit but puberty didn't. 
You say alcoholic, I say patriotic. #4thofJuly 
It's #4thOfJuly ...time to drink some beer and blow some shit up! 
If you're one in a million then there are 7,000 people just like you on this planet. 
I pledged allegiance "to the republic for Witches Stand" until third grade. #4thOfJuly 
I wish work had field trips, just like we did in school. 
Remember doing the "I'm thinking really hard face" when the teacher looks at you? 
Every time I try to send a picture of my penis it says, "image to large." 
Two words: Roman candles #4thOfJuly 
Tomorrow is #4thOfJuly ...you know what that means? Ten million tweets saying the exact same thing... 
"It isn't you, it's me." (It's me wanting to be on top of people who aren't you) 
There is nothing worse than when the car in front of you stops at a yellow light and you have to get home to take a dump. 
Is it rude to throw a breath mint in someone's mouth while they are talking? 
Getting drunk tonight and all day tomorrow doesn't mean I'm an alcoholic... it means I'm patriotic! 
Proof that beer is awesome!  #Merica #4thOfJuly #sp 
“Do you want to hear the specials?” “No, but I’ll stare and nod for a minute before proceeding with my order." 
I quit drinking... every night before I go to sleep. 
Live this day as if it is your last...And if it turns out it isn't, make many apologies tomorrow. 
I don't think that America is running anywhere on Dunkin'. 
Weight loss tip for fatties: Turn your head to the left then turn to the right. Repeat this when you are offered something to eat. 
#tomyfuturekids Whenever you're feeling down, remember, you're the sperm that won. 
How men babysit...  
If I've ever offended you, just know that from the bottom of my heart... I really don't give a shit. 
Only true #90s kids know this  #Nickelodeon sp 
I like to think of myself as a "political atheist" ...I don't believe in any politicians. 
Every drinking fountain at my school has two settings: trickle or geyser... 
This is what I call being resourceful.  
New to the Endangered Species list: People who possess common sense. 
My car is so crappy that if I fill the tank up with gas, it doubles the value of the vehicle. 
Nothing says "I've made poor life decisions" like a couch in your front yard. 
Think you're a real man? ->  #booze #sp 
I will die before I finish all of the stuff on my Netflix queue. #FirstWorldProblems 
Note to self: Blaming the chair doesn't work when the fart was silent. 
Dear Youtube, I will ALWAYS skip this ad. 
Yelling random numbers when someone’s counting. 
When your ex says, "You'll never find anyone like me", you're supposed to reply, "That's the point..." 
I changed all my passwords to "incorrect" so when I forget them, the computer will say "your password is incorrect" 
What's the difference between girls of our generation and peanut butter? One spreads easily and the other is peanut butter. 
When people with multiple personality disorders are about to die, whose life flashes before their eyes? 
Facebook profile pictures: Guys = (•_•) Girls = (°3°) #truth 
I'm pretty sure ignorance has replaced baseball as America's favorite past time. 
"You snooze, you lose," is bullshit. I hit the snooze button 9 times this morning and woke up feeling amazing. 
When I hear an old person sitting next to me say "Oh, crap" I take their word for it and change seats. I'm not taking any chances. 
If you received a text from me last night, please disregard it...my phone was drunk. 
Purchasing now..  
Admit it...we always feel worse for the homeless guys dog than we do for the homeless guy. 
You look happy. Let me see what I can do about that.” ~Life 
Peeing on the stripper pole is not making it rain, lesson learned. 
Sex Advice: always f*ck like all your exes are watching. 
#ToBeHonest I concentrate harder when I'm drunk texting than I ever did in college. 
If you like partying, alcohol, and having fun (and who doesn't) then follow for updates, facts, and more #awesome party-people... 
Drinking this beer has got to be the second-most satisfying thing i can do for myself with one hand. 
My alcohol tolerance is so high, it's like a superpower. What about yours? #DrinkLikeAMan  sp 
"You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on." -Dean Martin 
Relationships are like peeing in the pool. It feels good while your doing it but do you really want to stay in it? 
I miss the days when TV's actually let you flip through the channels lightning fast. #OldSchool 
There are so many scams on the Internet now...Send me $19.95 and I will tell you how to avoid them. 
The penis: The little head that makes BIG decisions. 
Some girls sure wear a lot of Adobe photoshop in their profile pictures. 
I thought there was some sort of hipster fasting going on yesterday... but it was just Instagram down. 
Behold, the 15 BEST hangover foods!  - sp 
I wonder if Lawyers recognize "Not enough blow jobs" as a legitimate reason to file for a divorce... 
Live single, sleep plural. 
CONGRATS to this week's Hottie  
BEST PICK UP LINE: There will always be a special place for you...in my pants. 
Red sneakers are uncomfortable because ginger shoes have no soles. 
New Law: If a holiday lands on a Wednesday, you get the whole work week off. #FouthOfJuly 
Obesity doesn't run in your family... it's obvious nobody runs in your family. 
I dont think I could ever stab someone... I can barely get the straw in the Capri Sun. 
You guys think she is hot?  #hotornot #sp 
"I drink to make other people interesting." - George Jean Nathan 
There is no "I" in team but there are three "i's" in I don't give a shit. 
If you love somebody, let them go. If they return, they were always yours...if they won't leave, get a restraining order. 
My children will never know the pain of not being able to see a movie because they are all rented out. 
I wish they made people repellent. 
At what point does my handwriting stop looking like a 3rd graders?! 
The original Magic Mike...  
The U.S. Government really needs a department of common sense. 
My favorite order at Starbucks is a tall, blonde, Barista; to-go. 
Pretty much all of the desirable things in life are either illegal, expensive, fattening or married to someone else. 
Jersey Shore single handedly ruined being part Italian. 
If you're calling into work sick, use the excuse "I have explosive diarrhea" ...they won't ask any more questions. 
Instead of 16 and pregnant how about 18 and graduated?!?! 
Good morning, I see the assassins have failed. 
And on the 8th day, God created Yoga Pants. 
Nobody ever follows the part of the instructions that says "Let food cool in microwave for 1 to 2 minutes" 
My brain is about as organized as the WalMart $5 DVD bin. 
"I should never have switched from Scotch to Martinis." -Humphrey Bogart's last words. 
This is how my week goes: Mooooooooonday - Tuuuuuuuuuesday - Weeeeeeeeeednesday - Thuuuuuuuuuuuuuursday - FridaySaturdaySunday 
#BeefsBetterThanDrakeAndChrisBrowns  
You can spend 7 bucks on a 6 pack of Bud Light or you can just take a piss in your mouth for free. 
Some people don't have the ability to laugh at themselves... and that's where I come in! 
To block the annoying person's status updates, or keep them around because their horrible personal life is entertaining?!?! 
This made my day...  
A turd in a swimming pool is
like a crying baby on an airplane... one little thing is fucking it up for everyone. 
dotn dirnk and tWeeett 
This is my bottle of Whiskey. There are many like it, but this one is mine. 
Part of me says I can't keep drinking like this. The other part of me says, "Don't listen to that guy. He's drunk." 
There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family. 
Party people! Follow for awesome info on everything alcohol, night clubs, events & more. 
Don't forget to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie before the weekend's over!  
“Dammit I’m mad” is the same if you spell it backwards. #MindBlown 
Once a year I do cardio, the other 364 days of the year I do couch squats. 
Alcohol makes me worse at everything except telling secrets. 
How we feel about animal rights...  
You can have the lady in the streets, I just want the freak in the sheets! 
Dear this girl, is that your butt or your boobs?  sp 
Dear this girl, is that your butt or your boobs?  sp 
Have you ever said something and immediately thought "I didn't know I knew that." 
If I don't answer my phone the first time you call, calling 5 more times isn't going to make me answer. 
I wonder if this Margarita counts as my daily serving of fruit... #DayDrink 
Life should come with more opportunities to shove peoples faces in cake. 
College students understand this...  
If you ask "Isn't it a bit early to start drinking?" I'll say "It seems a bit late to be sober." #DayDrink 
Just saw 3 different girls doing the walk of shame! 2 of those guys woke up happy...1 not so much 
Guys, if she does this, you should probably #dumpherass #sp NOW!  
I have strong self-control...I never drink anything stronger than Vodka before breakfast. 
“Do me a favor?” “Does it involve me getting up?” “…Yes.” “Then no.” 
Don't be a douche, RT this. #Drunk 
Toilets don't hug back. #PartyTillYouPuke 
Live For Today…Plan For Tomorrow…Party Tonight! 
You’re not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on. 
“Crazy” is just another name for “Someone who knows how to have fun” #Truth #HappyFriday 
Being fat is like a trophy for all of the awesome food you ate. 
I bet my future self is totally regretting what I'm about to do right now. #Weekend 
Sometimes I like to congratulate someone for no reason, just to watch the confused panic in their eyes. 
Most girls are about 5 beers away from being my type. 
I poked your mom on Facebook and she liked it. 
It's Friday... time to party, but fellas remember to wrap it in latex or she's gonna get your paychecks. 
Thou Shalt Not Contact Exes While Intoxicated. #comMANdments 
TGIF - Hotties are up! Click the link to vote for your favorite Men's Humor Hottie:  
I pre-game for everything these days... 
Oh Hey it's #FF so do yourself a favor and follow if you think laughing is fun. #MustFollow 
You're not allowed to be offended when I call you "sir" if you dress, sound, and cut your hair like a man does. 
Would anybody seriously want to have sex with this???  #notme #sp 
Some people need to learn to control their WHOREmones. 
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is "uncopyrightable". #MindBlown 
Am I apart of the Republican or Democratic party? The hell you talkin bout, I'm a member of the Friday night party. 
You don't have to be a beer drinker to play darts...but it helps. 
Yep...  
One day puberty will hit Justin Bieber. LOL, just kidding it's rude and disrespectful to hit girls. 
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone says they don't like your dog, and suddenly, you hate them. 
Think you know beer? Well then...  #beersnob #sp 
You win some, you booze some. 
Women: Can't live with them, can't bury them in the backyard without your neighbors seeing. 
Fellas, need somebody hot to follow? Follow #Damn #Playmate 
If I ever get arrested, I think I'll use my one phone call to have pizza delivered. 
Weekend Advice: It's only illegal if you get caught. 
Baptism...another excuse priests use to get kids wet. 
"You can get all A's and still flunk life." -Walker Percy 
