LOVE! “@PrimadonnaPH: Hi These shoesies are coming your way?????
#AnneCurtisForPrimadonna  
Thanks for watching Showtime! On my way now to shoot a new campaign ? 
Yes! See ya on Saturday!!! RT Hey excited to see you here in CDO for #Centriomall opening !!!! 
Ditto! As yourself!!!! Pretty & sexy mama!! 
hahahaha. Loves it. Saya last night! :) 
Hahaha! Tweet of the day. RT Nakikita ko tlga ang pintuan ng langit sa kili kili ni anne curtis haha 
Go watch now na! RT #MadalingArawMahabangGabi opens today. PlsRT naman Perfect TY  
I love Be Careful with my heart! Such an inspiring story!!! Kudos to the team! 
I'm a fan of sir chief and maya. ? 
hi ga! Cge ill tell him and let you know!!!! :) 
Thank you :) Thank you  
The winner picture of tonight goes to HOT!!!!!! hahaha! Spot on!  
I will forever be grateful to have you my loves ? happy 8th anniversary!!!  
With my equally crazy 's ? LOVE them to bits & pieces!!!!  
Something my mum would say. Haha “@youcallme_L: "Huwag kang tatanga-tanga ..hindi bagay sa ganda mo" #ASecretAffair” 
Print ad with loves & welcome ? 
I already did! Have to find the second book! 
Speaking of which Hong Kong get ready for my basag boses!!!! November 18 na! 
Awww thank you Alex!!!! ?????? RT No doubt.. Anne Curtis is a 'sweetheart to everybody. -Alex Datu. X-files 
Came home to this. I think it's time to have another garage sale. Any buyers out there? :)  
good to see you too Ian!!! Till next time!x 
Manila!!!! I'm home!!!! See you on Showtime in a bit! 
I'm coming home Manila! See you soon!! ? 
PAL why the delayed flight :( 
wow. That's amazing mum!!! 
Rembrandt my love! Thank you for being great and taking care of me this trip! I love you heaps girl!x  
Malibu thank you for the great weather. ?  
I'm going to miss California. Zuma Beach  
Malibu thank you for the great weather. ?  
Beautiful Paradise Cove.  
? “@rembrandtflores: Sunday brunch #malibu #family  
Malibu brunch with ? 
So sweet!!! Thank you Nheil & Josh for the dessert!!!!!! ?  
Pretty pretty.  
Godmother duties Happy Birthday Olivia!!!! I love you!!!  
Getting my hair done with my fave hair person Ill be having a new look when i get back. Excited for you guys to see it! 
Good morning. The Hart + The Hunter  
And that's that... 
I can't get over just sat on cactus! One for the books!!!! 
no, thaaaaank you!!! 
Crystal. Blood Ransom. Coming Soon.  
Missed you chica!!! “@leibi_carias: #bts today on set with my Chica ....  
i love my best friend! photo  
Nitro Caparinha. I shall have a happy belly tonight. ? The Bazaar by Jose Andres  
I loved this movie!!! I love her! “@HuffingtonPost: Liv Tyler in the "Empire Records" era made our knees weak.  
where? When? 
Monster of a camera at Panavision ?  
Very cool. “@pitchforkmedia: The xx's album Coexist is now available in app form  
hmmm maybe I should use this line in my next film. Hahahaa! 
I wish The National were playing while i'm here. Would make my trip perfect 
Good Morning LA. What goodness will you bring me today? ? Hello weekend!! 
Sleep over with ? goodnight! 
yey!!! Thank you!!! 
Awww cute!!! 
Reunited with my girlies! jasmink2 melimel237 ? Osteria Mozza  
It was nice meeting you ? I missed you!! Good to see you!x  
3 types of Burrata. I am in cheese heaven. I love you Osteria Mozza.  
Agent Provocateur whip. This made my outfit last night. Reeeeow!  
Going DOM for Halloween last night (Christian Grey inspired :p) Loved my rajol Hollywood Forever Cemetery  
Very dope! “@rembrandtflores: How dope is our photo #maroon5 #halloween  
Death of thy loubotins. #Halloween  
Going Gangnam Style with Pocahontas! Hollywood Forever Cemetery  
found her twinny last night!  
Definitely one of my fave costumes last night! Hollywood Forever Cemetery  
Had so much fun playing Skee Ball! #OldSchool  
Definitely a house of fun at the Maroon 5 Hollywood Cemetery Halloween Party! Hollywood Forever Cemetery  
Awww so sweet!!!! Take care of them and love them! :) 
LA thank you for giving me such fine weather!!!! ? 
Awww love you guys back! 
happy birthday!!!! Kisses, Anne.x 
I love that you guys are also pa-model! Reow!!! 
One of my favorite things is waking and not having any to do! Vacation is the best! Hope you're all having the same fun! You all deserve it! 
hahaha! Well look what we have here! Had so much fun spankin you last night! Oh highlight we seeing zanjoe! 
Speaking of which, this Halloween season would be a good time to buy a DVD of Wag Kang Lilingon. Bow. 
Let it be known that is not only my favorite director of all time, but that I am secretly madly in love with him. 
Having so much at the Hollywood Cemetery Halloween Party! With I love you ? 
Boarding!!!! See you next week Manila!x 
Next year ill be putting up my own blog too! Have lotsa surprises for all of you! You'll get more than 140characters of this crazyness soon! 
see you ate!!! :) 
Checking out ate new blog while waiting for my flight! Love the pics!! Take a look!  
Th arroz caldo in the pal lounge is a definite favorite! After my mum's this is my next best arroz caldo! Delish! 
With the Gangnam Style Boys ?  
With the Gangnam Style Boys ?  
Katniss Everdeen & Wonder WomANNE!  
Catwoman & Wonder WomANNE ?vicegandako  
I am Wonder Wom-ANNE. Happy Halloween! It's Showtime!!!!  
Showrooms Family will be in their Halloween Costumes today! Guess who I'll be today! 
can't wait!!!!! Morning!!! 
Rice cakes and Vegemite for breakky!!!! 
we were super nervous!!! 
missed you guys too ng soooooo hard!!!! 
thank you for all the pictures!!! 
awww thank you!!! 
Had so much fun“@robbycarmona: ang saya saya ng show! Napasaya mo ang lahat! Bongga@benchtm  
Hope you liked our opening number for Sarah G LIVE! Always nervous when I perform beside the popstar princess! Had fun though!!!! 
oh my gosh. You just made my day! I hope I didn't bust your eardrums!!!! 
thanks for the goodies!!! :) 
After lucky Chinatown ill be at Sarah G LIVE!!! :) 
See you all at Lucky Chinatown!!! 
Please help us pass on the news about the international screenings because we're not allowed on TFC. Thanks guys! Big Kisses! Happy Sunday! 
For all my crazy followers abroad! A Secret Affair has INTERNATIONAL SCREENINGS! Yaaaaahoooo! Pass on the wo  
Happy Boitday ????  
Hope your eardrums are still intact! RT loving annes tunes  
Love this shot! thank you!!! RT channels Jlo! #pfw  
Here we go!!! SM MOA! Show is about to start!! and I are excited to show you my new scents!!!!! ? 
it's not good. It's great! Saaaabeeeeh! 
Yun yun e! Thank you ng bongang so much! RT Got the complete line  
Paaak! Love it! RT See you later for your Fashion Concerto for Bench??? 
Thank you!!! RT Got my own perfume from Bench!! #SweetHeart :))  
Yahoo!!! RT Waiting for here at MOA.  
fragrance launch happening in a bit!! Can't wait! I hope you brought your umbrello's! I'm singing kasi!!! :p 
Whatever your personality is, if you're a Sweetheart, Glamorous or Fierce. I have a scent. Evan the pa-babies AMOUR is for you! 
I'm here na!!! :) 
P128 for the body spray. P368 for the perfume :) 
we didn't get the chance! But trust me your effort didn't go unnoticed! They said kasi labas ung nagbigay! Thaaaank you! Love it! 
SM MOA! I am here!!! Are you ready?!!! Excited to share my new fragrances with all of you from ? 
Yahooo! thank you!!!! RT Got my own perfume from bench ?  
FIERCE by yours truly for fragrances! This I dedicate to all my FIERCE beki's and ladies! One sniff  
FIERCE by yours truly for fragrances! This I dedicate to all my FIERCE beki's and ladies! One sniff  
FIERCE by yours truly for fragrances! This I dedicate to all my FIERCE beki's and ladies! One sniff  
FIERCE by yours truly for fragrances! This I dedicate to all my FIERCE beki's and ladies! One sniff  
FIERCE by yours truly for fragrances! This I dedicate to all my FIERCE beki's and ladies! One sniff  
FIERCE by yours truly for fragrances! This I dedicate to all my FIERCE beki's and ladies! One sniff  
My GLAMOROUS Campaign for ? One of my favorite scents!!! This is for all my GLAM girls out there! H  
Worth it ang buwis buhay! Congratulations K!!! We did it!! Thank you to our Showtime hurados, staff, dancers  
Wearing a Francis Libiran Gown!!!! Lady in red today! ? 
It's Showtime!!! 
My SWEETHEART Campaign for EDT. I chose Sweetheart because it's the title you, my crazy followers h  
I present to you my AMOUR body spray line for ? See you at 6pm SM MOA later for the launch!  
Then after the fragrance launch lets watch A Secret Affair!!!! 
Good morning Manila! Today my day is all for you! Announcement of Showtime Anniversary winner! Then Fragrance launch at 6pm SM MOA! 
BITE NA! hahaha! RT .@AnneCurtisSmith bites into the Better Network!  
Reading all your tweets about a secret affair!!!! Thank you so much sa feedback! To those who waited for the weekend! This is it! ENJOY! 
Although I will say, Christian Grey will always be number 1! Número Uno for me! Forever!!! I love him! Haha. Yes I'm Crazy. 
Hello Manilaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!! I'm baaaaaaaack!!!!! 
Finally! I have you! Let's see how this goes..... ? See you in 8 hours Manila!  
Manila Bound!! ? 
Congratulations baby!!!! So proud of you! I love you! ?#loyolagraduation  
Congratulations to the graduates of Loyola 2012! Spot ?  
Waiting for jazzy's graduation mass to start!  
Congratulations to the whole team of A Secret Affair on a successful first day! To those who  
Waaah. Once again I am humbled and want to thank YOU! My crazy followers (crazy like me) have yet  
Fashion Concerto na ito!!! See you on Saturday!!! RT Catch on Oct 27 at  
Taking the train to the city today! I can't wait for the day to come where we can take a train to all the cities outside of Metro Manila! 
If thats the Jersey Shore character Yes! Fake tan and all. Lerx! Haha RT is she Snooki? :P 
hahaha! About what?! If my character was at fault or not noh?! 
I love the mother daughter scenes! RT "I'm okay mom, I'm okay mom. I'll be okay  
Picked up Jasmine from school after their parade and a long night of partying with other Year 12ers.  
Please don't forget to watch A Secret Affair today!!!! 
Today is my baby graduation day!!!!!! She's done with year 12! So proud!!! 
Yummy breakky made by mother dearest. I love being home!!!!  
diba?!! That's why I super loved the ending too. We all reach our saturation point. :) 
See you guys on Saturday at SM 
Mall Of Asia as I launch my new scents for Bench Fragrances :) RT  
Yey!!! RT Bata, matanda, single, taken, tropa, pamilya. Halo halo sa MALL OF ASIA. The best #ASecretAffair ? 
Awwww I'm so touched!!! Thanks for watching Ava! I loved his cameo as HIMSELF as well! 
Thank you soooooo much to everyone watching at Glorietta & Greenbelt!! RT  
So true. I love this line. RT "Cheating is not an accident, its a choice." ~ Rafi (@annecurtissmith) #ASecretAffair 
That's FOR SURE!!!!!! RT Will definitely watch A Secret Affair, eye opener daw e. :) 
please do!!! 
With my baby bro tomcurtissmith & baby cousin Gian!!! My boys!!!!!  
Thank you for making my night! I want to cry! Thank you to everyone thats watching A Secret Affair  
Singing "Reunited with my mama & it feels so good" ? 
thank you naman te!!!! Miss my angels! 
Thank you to everyone that watched at Glorietta!!!! RT Watched A Secret Affair ?  
Haha! Koreeeeek!!! RT sa lahat ng manonood ng #ASecretAffair , magegets niyo kung bakit  
Haha!!! You like? RT "Sana pati ugali napho-photoshop na rin no" - Ms.@annecurtissmith #ASecretAffairLines 
Thaaaaank you so much!! RT I was able to! First day, first time slot  
Yahoo!!! Told tou fuys ot would be different! Thanks for watchig!!! RT #asecretaffair is  
Who was able to watch a Secret Affair today? Whatcha think-a-dink? :) 
Saturday :) 
I'm in Australia for Jasmine's graduation!!! 
Hahaha! Love it! The early bird gets a good seat! RT Pilahan na sa sinehan...The Early  
enjoy!!!! 
perfume is Bench clothing is F&H :) 
? RT #BigMoaLove bound to watch #ASecretAffair time to know who's the B and the Super B  
Haha! Love that! Early birds get the havey lines earlier! RT About to watch  
This is so cool! I didnt know you could buy tickets in advance! So cool! Thank you!!! RT  
Yahoo!!! Thank you!!! RT Getting ready for #ASecretAffair at 11:30am #SMCinemaIloilo. 
Yahoo!!! Thank you!!! RT Getting ready for #ASecretAffair at 11:30am #SMCinemaIloilo. 
My fave line!!! Go direct! “@directfromncn: Betrayal and infidelity in secrecy, is still betrayal and infidelity #ASecretAffair now showing” 
Ben I'm currently in Melbourne! I remember bumping into you here maybe 5-6 years ago! 
This is is ate! RT #ASecrerAffairNowShowing nationwide starring  
Aw Dad & I were just singing along in the car to the Neil Diamond & Barbra Streisand song, You don't bring me flowers anymore! Old school! 
haha! Thanks soul sistah! 
Thanks Cristalle!!! :) RT #ASecretAffair opens today! I can't wait to watch  
Taaamaaa! RT #ThingsToDoThisSembreak manood ng #ASecretAffair, #ASecretAffairNowShowing
@annecurtissmith 
Thank you to cebuano loves!!! RT Excited!Gonna watch on Secret Affair here in Cebu. #lotsoflove 
go! Pang A secret affair na yan ha! Let me know of you like it! 
it's spring. Our December is Summer :) Complete opposite 
tell me your fave lines na wala sa trailer!!! 
korek!! "@jyn_: yiiiiiii! More bonggels dialogue, more fun! Madami na naman magagamit!" 
Thank you! "@RoselliErika: Miss Anne andito na po kami ngayon sa Baguio to watch your movie. So excited! ? #ASecretAffair" 
The only thing I hate about Spring... Hayfever. ? 
Good Morning from Yarrawonga-a-linga-longa! Now back to Melby. Can't wait to see you ? 
AND of course your favorite lines!!!!! A Secret Affair! Now Showing!!!!! 
This is the day!!!! A Secret Affair Now Showing today in Cinemas Nationwide!! Be sure to watch & let me know your face scenes! 
About to meet up and have dinner with my primary school friends! Haven't seen them in 15 years! 
Can't wait to explore the small town I grew up in, Yarrawonga. ? 
Hearing the Shire Hall's clock chime just brought back so many memories of my childhood. 
Good Morning! Touchdown Oz. Roadtrip to Yarrawonga! Haven't been home HOME in soooo long!!! 
hey Sonja! We're heading to Yarrawonga! Haven't been home in ages! 
Heading to Australia tonight for Jasmine's graduation!!! :) Will be back on Saturday!!! 
I hope you enjoyed our performance! Happy anniversary Showtime!!! 
We did it ? Yahooooo!!!! 
Sparkle. It's Showtime. ?  
Sneak peek of our look fpr our anniversary performance. #Showtime  
Good morning! This is it! Buwis buhay magpasikat anniversary prod with ? Happy Anniversary Showtime!!!! 
To everyone that watched tonight I hope you enjoyed A Secret Affair!!! 
Congratulations to the whole team behind A Secret Affair. Oct 24 is THE day. ? 
thanks baby girl!! ? 
Hey Louie!!! Thanks! I'm suuuuuuuper nervous!!!! 
Megamall we are on our way!!! 
A Secret Affair. This is it. I'm so nervous!!! 
heard about that series!!!! Any good? 
are you coming tonight??? :) 
miss you too sir Marvin!! Hey boooooooy! 
ill be seeing that loving in a few days!!!! 
LOVE. 
Che! Haha. May vibrato na ako. Improving na talaga! Swear! 
In fairness ha. I've been singing the whole weekend and it hasn't rained! Not once! I must be improving!!! #chos 
To my Athena Beauties, join me as I sing for you in a few at the MOA Atrium!! 
thanks Sweet! Hope you get to watch!!! 
Hair & make up with & (Anne Buntis) for Athena event at MOA :) 
That fateful moment where you realize you've been too busy to the point you forgot to have a dress made for your premiere night :( 
Thanks for coming!! 
:) 
cute! Miss you guys! 
See ya mondy!! 
Thanks Ces! 
A SECRET AFFAIR  OCTOBER 24. 
Good Morning! Today is THE day! Premiere night of A SECRET AFFAIR! See you at Glorietta & Megamall tonight! 
So much fun!!! “@kclibunao: yeah! The whole glorietta went gaga over and you!!! ?  
I hope you enjoyed Glorietta!!!! I certainly did. Parang mini concert ulit! 
yes master! Haha 
Oh my gosh aaralin ko ung laserlight! birit kung birit un!! RT laserlight? Domino? Haha 
Hahaaha! Thanks D!! 
Hmmmm what should I sing for Glorietta? Starships or Fireworks? :) #Feelingera 
Thank you Trinoma!!! That was fun!!! Glorietta you're up next!!!!!! 
Yey I love! Greenwich lasagna backstage goodies!!!! 
go Jose!!! Go get Em!!! 
Now of to Trinoma with the Secret Affair cast!!! 
First ever spoof of A Secret Affair. I present to you A Becky Affair.  
Getting prepped today by and Hernan of salon :) 
hahahaha!!! Ano yan??? 
Showtime Bida Kapamilya Grand Finals today?!!! 
Rehearsal for Showtime Grand Finals tomorrow!!! 
Kenzo :) 
I can't get through any of the numbers you gave me :( 
all numbers you gave I couldn't contact :( 
May this Framework Agreement be a path to everlasting Peace in Mindanao. To the negotiators on the peace panel. Big clap for making history 
Does anyone know how to get in touch with EMS Postal Office in Pasay the number +6328543580 seems to be impossible to reach. 
and I woke up to a yummy breakfast delivery! Thank you for the surprise brea  
thank you ? 
Thank you for all your kind words about Bandila guesting! To all my baby dreamers, IKAW NA!!!! 
Bandila! Now na! :) 
See you all on Bandila later :) RT Anne Curtis, live na live mamaya sa #Bandila!! 
Please watch!! :) RT W/ Watch us tomorrow please?  
I can't wait to see you next week!!! 
Yahoo!!! RT Wala ng pasok sa sat. :))) Will go to gorietta for A Secret Affair. :) Wieeee! 
This is my motto in life... ? RT "Learn the art of DEDMA and pursue your DREAMS" - 
Kaloka ang boses ng Gollayan Family!!! 
I hope you do!!! RT Wow i wanna watch secret affair. 
Hahaha! My fave line from Ma Jacklyn Jose! RT Bitch ka lang, ako SUPER BITCH! -@annecurtissmith Shirt ? 
See you all on Showtime in a bit! We have a special guest for Sine Mo To!!! 
Waaah! I'm so excited to watch A Beautiful Affair! I'll forever be a JL-BEA Shipper ? 
It's Showtime!!!! 
Pack up! Just finished shooting for a new tvc. So annetok. Will be a super sleepyhead on Showtime later :( 
My dessert. Happy Belly!!!!  
hmmmm yummy! I can't wait! 
Shooting with the talented Shane Sarte today! She trained our dop for A Secret Affair Anne Monzon! Super love their work! :) 
I'm done with dubbing. congratulations in advance! You are a gem and will shine in this film! So excited for you!! 
Can't wait for the little Halloween Holidays coming up! What are your plans? 
Shooting for a new tvc today!!! Hope we don't finish so late. I think my body is just about ready to konk out on me soon! 
ano yaaaaan? 
Cute ng mga nanay on Showtime!!! 
Yey!!!! RT napaka ganda ni sa a secret affair!!!!! gosh. cant wait!!!!!! 
Morning!!! See you all on Showtime today! We get to know more about our grand finalists every day! 
will check coach ani! Time to get back to training!!! :) 
That awkward moment when you realize you're singing along to your radio ad. "And chococino" 
awww thank you!!! Miss ya!!! 
unfortunately yes, Ayaw ng abs :( 
A Secret Affair. October 24 na po. What's your favorite line from the movie so far? :) 
cuteness!!!! 
Best fan art/mail of the year. Thank you so much  
Sunday fun day of work coz i'm with the team i love the most! my mamangs!!! robbiepinera's photo  
Hands up if back in the day your drive home song after a night out was Ocean Drive by The Lighthouse Family. 
yes! Alam mo na :p 
? RT Breakfast with the gang  
next year pa un girl :) 
That awkward moment na kayo Lang Ang laman ng restaurant kaya super birit ka ng The Corrs. :p 
Thaaaankyou! RT Primadonna supports in A Secret Affair ? Opens this October 24! ?  
I will always love singing to The Corrs!!! 
Welcome back to my baby She dropped by set kanina but I had to hold my emotions for the scene so I wasn't able to make chika 
Super thank you my family for sending over A Secret Affair Tshirts for the crew and staff!!! Bongga!!! 
Thank you to my Gsm Blue Fam for sending over some bottles of gin goodness! 
Thank you my Family for sending over a lechon for our last day! 
To my team thank you for helping me create & piece together a new look as Rafi ? 
thank you for guiding me to be as natural as can be for the role as Rafi. It was so refreshing! Till our next film! Love you! 
It was a pleasure working with you & ? A Secret Affair. October 24 na po! 
And it's officially a wrap for me! A Secret Affair will be in Cinemas on October 24 for all of you! ? 
Fun episode of Showtime! Now on my way back to the set of A Secret Affair to shoot our very last scene! :) 
It's Showtime!!! 
it's like an instant review of your work, not from a professional critique but sincere comments or suggestions from your followers. 
in terms of feedback it's important to me know if they like certain films I've done or if they enjoyed today's episode of our show. 
it's an amazing tool to connect. It's a more personal way of your followers getting to know the real you. 
I ask myself the same question but happy to be able to connect to my fans and have instant feedback from my followers :) 
Now though, rushing to Showtime for our Wild Card Finals!! 
1 scene down, 1 more to go till we officially wrap up A Secret Affair. 
Viva Baby :) 
I'm excited to try your studio at the fort! Please send me details and times of classes! 
Last day of shooting for A Secret Affair today! Shooting our last 2 scenes!!! 
Happy Birthday Mamang!!! ? we love you!!!  
Happy Birthday Mamang!!! ? we love you!!!  
Look what I found on my iPad. Marie Claire 2009  
Will play some classical music to help me keep my cool in the car. ?????? 
Traffic is not so kind. ?I forgot it's a Friday. On my way to birthday dinner. I love my mamang!!! 
swatch :) 
#LikeAPogi meets #LikeADyosa RT Nakakakilig talaga makasama ang nagiisang si  ” 
Don't worry guys. I'm here. Abangan :p Showtime!! 
See you all on Showtime in a bit. It's Wild Card week. Hope the families are GAME ON. Haven't found the group to give the perfect 10 to yet. 
My pogi boys! “@sam_yg: Hayop nitong kiss-shot ni Dj Thons! Freedom Baybeh:  
kilig! You and have both sent me videos of my crush this morning!!! 
This is just too cool! _thecoolhunter_'s photo  
To my dearest Mamang! Happy Happy Birthday! I love you sooooooooo much!  
I agree!!! RT your creations plus ms is a wonderful combination :'D 
I can't get over the scene!!! One for the books and I have a feeling ill be seeing spoofs of this movie after our play date 
miss you too Tita! Hope to work with you again!!! 
Just shot an awesome seen with the beautiful lady One for the books!!!! 
hahahaha! Korek! You left him all alone girl! 
I have a sudden love for classical music ?? 
PHOTO-BOOTH with my loves  
Hello Me. It's time to pay my bills. ?  
Whoops this the trailer pala :) RT THE SECRET AFFAIR UNCUT TRAILER.MUST WATCH Congrats  
Have you seen our UNCUT trailer yet? Here  
Hahaha! YES! it will be! get your umbrello's ready! RT ITS GOING TO BE A RAINY DAY IN HONGKONG 
please tell him I miss him Tita Cherie! 
Madlang Hong Kong are you ready? Annebisyosa is coming to town! RT No Other Concert Hong Kong  
hahaha! Goodluck with that!!! 
I love this. RT If a writer falls in love with you then you will never die 
I love that song and I love Kiana's voice!!!! 
Thank you so much Francis Libiran for lending me this beautiful gown from his new collection for A Secret Af  
Yes we do. I love you Christian Grey!!!!!!!!!!! My 50 Shades! do! I do! I do! #greysessed  
With my beautiful mommy. She made all my birthday cakes when I was a kid ? I miss you mommy  
A Secret Affair. ? RT ???don't confuse love with sex...love it!! ? 
check your text messages mum :) 
Who's this handsome cutie? It's out baby brother (ok maybe he's not so baby anymore) Miss yo  
Miss you baby girl ?  
hahahaha!!!! 
can't wait for you to come baby! 
annecurtissmith As the play date comes closer... Here's the UNCUT Trailer of A Secret Affair. In cinemas on OCTOBER 24  
Thank you Dustin for this super cute personalized bag ?  
Good Morning! Off to the film set. Last 2 days! Yipee!!! 
Goodnight guys! Early call time for shooting! Last 2 shooting days! Yahoo! 
There's more where those lines came from. October 24 na po. A Secret Affair. 
As the play date comes closer... Here's the UNCUT Trailer of A Secret Affair. In cinemas on OCTOBER 24.  
Thank you Easiyo for sending over some yoghurt! Can't wait to make it myself!  
heeeey! I'm trying to see if dad can come up early before we leave for Oz. :) 
Yey! Today was a good semi free day! Achieved so much! Now time to have some grub! Super hungry! 
Goodluck!!! 
thank you Lalyn for your very sweet message. Sending you big kisses!x 
Natural Wood Vanity  via  
Industrial Brewery Table Lamp  via  
XL Redneck Mason Jar Drinking Glass  via  
Shower fixtures & vintage chandelier shopping with Rossy & Janlyn of ? 
Personalized Paper Doll by Foldable Me  via  
Jukebox iPad Dock  via  
Button Booties by Christian Louboutin  via 
yes dearie!!! 
Ayaw :( 
Yes naman!!!!! Love it!!! 
thank you!!! 
I've heard rumors that there just might be! :) 
Thank you my love fANNEatics for these awesome giveaways for A Secret Affair! So sweet! Love you guy  
Shot a heavy scene today with Derek. Said a killer line that I'm so sure you will be able to relate to. 
Shooting for A Secret Affair! After today it's our last 2 days of shooting! I'm so excited!!!! 
Dubbing for A Secret Affair. In cinemas on October 24. ?  
Dubbing a new trailer for A Secret Affair can't wait for all of you to see it! 
I wish Christian Grey was real and he heard my greeting to him on Showtime. Haha. #lostin50shades 
I am 50 shades of RED. 
Aminin napa-nganga din kayo! 
thanks Jed!!! 
Sarap ng choki choki :p 
A Secret Affair. October 24. RT "Lying to me doesn't protect me, it betrays me." - 
every day I feel sad because of that. :( 
On my way to work. Loving my sunnies ? Happy Sunday!  
Rise and Shine Manila! Off to shoot a new commercial today. Hope you all have a lovely Sunday! 
After a long day of filming, Showtime and an awesome concert, I'm just about ready to crash. Goodnight ? 
happy birthday Mico! 
hahaha! Well that makes us both fans of FTP then :) 
Late night fitting with for commercial shoot tomorrow. Thank you my loves! See you tomorrow!!!x 
I wish I was there right now. photo  
definitely one of the best concerts I've been to in Manila.  
Welcome to Manila ?  
has it started??? 
I saw them already in Australia. Splendor in the Grass music festival! They're super good!!! Worth watching again! 
I can't wait for them to play I would do anything for you. One of my fave memories from Splendour! 
Yahoo!!! I'm done! Will be able to watch Foster The People tonight!!! All the other kids with their pumped up kicks! 
we love POSH NAILS! 
My fave of the 3! RT i'm reading darker now. am so excited :)) 
THIS.  
peace :p 
Thank you Mama!!! Yummy.  
Thank you Mama!!! Yummy.  
Thank you Mama!!! Yummy.  
Thank you Mama!!! Yummy.  
Thank you Mama!!! Yummy.  
Thank you Mama!!! Yummy.  
I wish I could make it to concert tonight :( 
i miss you! RT Everything is funnier when you're with your bestfriend. 
Back to shooting for A Secret Affair ? 
I hope you enjoy it! RT Waaaahhhhwwwwh! you wowed me again on your film... A must watch movie..#ASecretAffair 
they won't allow coz of Derek. I can only plug it :) 
A Secret Affair. October 24 na. photo  
Corned beef and garlic rice with a sunny side up egg for breakky and coffee! Paaaaak! 
Good Morning guys! Shooting early for A Secret Affair today then I have Showtime's LAST monthly finals for Bida Kapamilya! 
Their version of a cheesecake. Delish. #LasFlores  
One of my favorite restaurants in Manila now is Las Flores. Delicious food!!! ? 
Finally done with work! I can eat dinner na!!!!!!!! I've never been so excited to EAT!!! 
Cover shoot done! Now rushing to a TVC shoot!!! 
thanks Ian!!! Hope I finish early tomorrow so I can watch your concert!!!!! 
Hi!!!! On my way to pictorial then a tvc shoot. Sleepy but grateful for work. Kaya Ito. Emote muna. #whatisv  
Hahaha! singing talaga? Ate baka hindi ako un narinig mo :p RT SINGING!!! #SmartFreedom 
tweet it to me when you're done. I'd love to read it :) 
miss you mama my love!!! Ill be seeing you soon!!! 
love you that much back and forth!!! 
A Secret Affair!!! RT "Bakit kasi may mga babaeng pumapatol kahit hindi pwede?" - 
Amen! RT We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~ W. Churchill 
Nakakaloka ung Baklush!!! Naka nakaw Kay Kaloka!!! 
Hahahaha. havey! photo  
now that interests me!!! 
I really love the story Of Please Be Careful with My Heart! I'm so KILIG with Sir Chief and Maya!!!!!! 
Sa lahat ng ating mga minamahal na mga guro, Happy Teachers Day po!!! 
Reclaimed Wood Boards  via 
I wish we had Pandora internet radio available in the Philippines :( 
Just had a chokito chocolate bar for breakky. I swear. Australia makes the best chocolate ever. #pigoutWEEK 
No way? My assistant probably thought it wasn't mine :( Guess I'm really supposed to have the one with the lips on them then :p 
Morning everyone! See you all on Showtime in a bit! 
Wow! Where did you find this? RT superdupercj: in #CSRMAKATI school uniform :P :))  
Hi. My name is Anastasia Steele. Laters Baby.x photo  
happy you like it :) 
watch before you judge girl :p 
Here's version of A Secret Affair's movie poster. Which one do you like the most? ?  
ill post the other option?? :) 
haha! Send me a video!! 
A foreign film version of our poster made by legendary :) I actually really like it! Pweeeeede.  
Those eyes. You are seriously and ridiculously one good looking guy I am a  
My Christian Grey I. LOVE. HIM. ?  
Lunch break!!!! Old fashioned Spaghetti for the win!!! 
Love it!!! RT Our beautiful returning ROGUE cover girl as a foreign assasin in tokyo!!  
OCTOBER 24!!!! lapit na!!! RT hi pretty ! When is the showing of #SecretAffair ? :) Thanks ! 
that was lotsa fun last night!!! 
I love role here. Her character is sooooo nice! Can't wait for all of you to see her shine as an actress here! Reoooow! 
Happy Birthday :) Follow Him for his birthday! He's so gwapo!!!!  
Rainy weather makes me feel hungry all the time. I can't stop eating. 
Ok now on my way to dub for A Secret Affair! Time to get back to work!! 
he already made me a peace ambassador. So it's my duty to make a stand when it goes exactly what we're aiming for. 
I'm afraid will do the complete opposite. 

I am for the Revision of the Cybercrime Act. 
An act that takes away a citizen's freedom & right to hear/read/tweet/retweet/blog/post/like about the good & bad things about our country 
We want peace in our country, amongst our people & future generations. 
& we should all have equal rights. I just feel its so one sided. I hope they consider REVISING the crybercrime act. 
Even if I know that as a celebrity I'd probably even benefit from the act but at the end of the day i'm still a citizen of this country 
BUT going to extent of having a law that takes away a freedom we should all rightfully have just seems wrong to me. 
The cybercrime act does have some responsible points that should be included & implemented BUT 
And now if we share our opinions we can get into trouble with the law? Put behind bars? Fined a ridiculous amount even? 
Whatever happened to Freedom of speech? Having an opinion? Expressing oneself? These are our own accounts. Our property. Our lives. 
Being someone thats active in the Social Media world I couldn't help but feel sad & scared while reading the Cybercrime Act. 
Good Morning! It's a rainy Wednesday! Keep dry and safe everyone! 
With my boys. Who is who? hahahaha  
Esquire Ball ? 
Where can I read up on the Cybercrime Act? Thank you in advance! 
I want to learn how to play the piano again.... When I have time ill think ill take up lessons again :) 
With our fabulous Director ? ?  
PHOTO BOMB!!!!  
You're like a laserlight, 
Burning down, burning down me.
@robbiepinera ?  
Me too!!!! photo  
A Secret Affair. Coming Soon.  
My energy booster for today! We miss you ?  
My energy booster for today! We miss you ?  
haha I loved them! Maybe ill tweet them first! 
Go Mixers! RT San Mig Coffee Mixers' muse  
They're :) RT Ang ganda ng shades ni :) 
did na! Thanks mare!!!!!! 
Well Hello October. Pinch & a punch for the first day of the month! No returns! 
My energy refuel bag. Perfect after a long night of shooting. No Judging. I'm allowed.  
Just shot an amazing & heartfelt scene with & Direk Ang sakit sakit sa dibdib. Nice one guys! 
I'm so tiny!!! 
I felt so tiny beside players!! Goodluck boys! Bring home the bacon!!!!! Todo-Listo na to!!! 
See ya!!! RT Mag-uumpisa na opening! LIKE kung excited ka na makita at si #GoMixers 
Our Song. The XX. LOVE.  
I've loved that song super tagal na! That's why when I read it in the book I was super Kilig!!!! 
yes! Ask where to get them :) 
Celine sunnies are perfect for a laid back Sunday. Love my tortoise ones! ? off to have some Chinese food fo  
#nowplaying Hey Ho The Lumineers Definitely a band I'd like to see live. 
Good Morning! Hope you all have a blessed Sunday! 
No. It's Fan art. Love it though!!! 
??? RT PERFECT! ? #FiftyShadesMovie & ?  
nice meeting you Joyce!!! Till next time! Ang poooooogi! 
Back to filming! 1 more scene to go. What's hard is its a breakdown scene and I'm still on a high. Ok. Bye. Must. Get. Back. Into. Character 
Sam I saw the AVP of Ian tonight at the Zac Efron fan con. He is perfect!!!!! 
I think I just found the guy that comes very close to my very perfect image of Christian Grey ? 
it's more HOT in the Philippines now that you're here!!!!! Thank you for coming!!! 
Zac I love you!!!!  
I feel like I'm 17 again waiting for ? 
God is good! Thank you to the MOA Arena Family for the last minute VIP tickets!!!! Waaaah! 
On my way with my loves to watch Zac Efron's Fan Con! We are fans!!!!!!  
Thanks for the updates guys! Mukhang aabot ako! Yahoooo!!!! 
unfortunately I'm super far up. So I'll be watching from afar but it doesn't matter! Makita ko Lang sya! Hahaha! 
see ya!!!!! 
Finally on my way to MOA arena! Does anyone know if its started already? Waaaah! 
Oh no!!!! RT Touchdown MOA Arena! Finally. Traffic was crazy! 
Ay Ang taaaaraaaaay! You already!!!!! Have fun sis!!! 
see ya sis! What time will you be there? I hope it's not traffic!!! 
2 more hours to go for the 12hour famine! We're almost done. We can do this guys!!!! 
Now filming for A Secret Affair! Hope I'm done in time to make it for The Zac Efron Fan Con before it starts!! 
Yahooo!!!! I'm allowed to go to the fan con later! I can't wait! Fan girl mode later! Thank you Viva for giving me tickets! 
thanks Love! I'll be in NYC for new year! Hopefully I can quickly drop by LA while I'm there!!!x 
that's my look today! 
I'm here! See you all on Showtime after the commercial break! 
The 12hr Famine fight against hunger started this morning! How are you all doing? 
Just finished my press con so sad that I missed out on show tonight. Would've loved to be there!! Congratulations Francis! 
At the Presscon for A Secret Affair. ? 
No. I wish. Just excited that he's here in the Philippines like all you girlies!!! 
No Ava. He's mine. 
I think i just died & went to ZAC heaven? He knows I exist! ZACyou (Thankyou) very much Ms  
Haha! Ive never had anyone ask me to borrow this before. ? RT Ate Anne paheram ng mouth mo! :O :-) 
To my P&G Olay Family, thank you for the delish fruit bouquet!  
Now rushing to Shoooooowtime! Time for more coffee para todo listo!!!! 
Was finally able to meet Business Tycoon Ramon Ang today alongside the San Miguel Coffee players. For a man of such power he is very humble. 
Happy Birthday to one of the hottest lady DJ's I know ? Have a good one!! Big kisses!!!! ? 
morning loooovey! Mishu! Which one? Can we have dinna soon? 
Time for some coffee! 
So sleepy! We finished late last night. Emotionally draining day but a happy outcome with our scenes for A Secret Affair! 
Morning! Will be at the Makati Stock Exchange Building today with my San Miguel Family! ? 
In my biggest biggest dreams!!!! RT for Anastasia Steele :) #FiftyShadesofGrey 
Perfect dessert after a perfect lunch at L'entrecôte with Monchi and :) We miss you  
Moves like jagger!!! Haha! RT Hi guys!!!! Just finished shooting a beautiful love  
I officially love the word SOSHAL now.? RT Z's first tagalog: "SOSHAL!" ? 
Strawberry touch thy lips and the lips of thy lover. #ASecretAffair  
bwahahaha!!! I'm with the captain of sheeeeeeeep. Ang Aga pa. Wala pa today. 
I don't know how I'd survive without coffee. I think coffee and I will have a lifelong relationship. ? 
I'm so jelly ace :( 
Good Morning everyone! Rise & shine! On my way to shoot for A Secret Affair before Showtime! 
hahaha! Thank you Sweet!!!! 
Hahaha very me!!!! RT this is you “@ComedyPosts: I go deaf when  
A truly memorable night. For the last time tonight. FAMAS thank you so much for this historical moment in my  
The back of my Francis Libiran Gown last night. ?  
thank you so much Gel!!!! Congratulations din sayo at sa Toda Max Family! Sana magkawork din tayo soon!! 
Thankyou Ms Zsa Zsa! 
thaaaank you!!! 
Thank you for all the congratulatory messages on my FAMAS Best Actress award. Definitely something  
That would be a major dream come true!! RT What if Anne Curtis and  
so excited for her!!!!! 
Oh Zac Efron. ??? 
thank you so much!!! I don't remember what I said exactly and I think I was repeating myself! I was so nervous!!! 
Same words from my love last night. Thank you! Kaka-humble. Pursue your dreams my  
Yey!! Im so happy you guys enjoyed the trailer of A Secret Affair!!! RT A Secret  
OMG is it true that has touched Philippine soil?? He's heeeerreeeee?!!!!! 
Thank you Rogue! So sweet!! ? photo  
To the captain of our ship. Our director, Ruel S Bayani. Big thank you for guiding me to be the best OTHER W  
Dreams do come true. Thank you FAMAS for making that dream come true last night. Best Actress for No Other W  
To all my baby dreamers, 
I want to tell you, I have FAITH in YOU. Pursue your dreams because trust  
Woke up with a massive smile on my face. I tell you, dreams really do come true. Just have the  
Thank you so much to the board member and jurors of FAMAS for giving me the Best Actress award for No Other  
Here ya go guys. My look tonight for the FAMAS. Thankyou & ?  
Merci mon amour.x RT Good luck tonight mon amour, you are everything that is fantastic in the world 
Going vintage tonight. Thank you for my look & my beautiful gown made by ? 
thanks mama. I love you and I love that you call me DYOSA. Haha :) cute! 
Hoping i get to work with the 3 of them again :) RT Missing MSKM days. I miss  
Done shooting. Time to get ready for The FAMAS Awards night. It's such an honor to be nominated. 
I miss doing groceries!!! 
On my way to shoot for A Secret Affair. ? 
koreeeek! 
dahil dyan ikaw magl-lingerie later :p 
Hahaha! Pwede! RT kung merong #LikeaPogi syempre meron ding na #LikeaDyosa :) 
why, thank you. :) 
Whenever i watch Celine's death teaser i always get a huge lump in my throat. One of the characters  
whoops! Haha! Yes vey sweet!!! 
Happy Birthday Ate Chona :) my wish for you is the same as wowa's and Maryann's! Alam nyo na yun :p 
Good morning my sweethearts! Sending you Love Peace & Happiness! Life is beautiful & so are YOU! ? 
Lala love! RT Hi this is my FanArt! #50ShadesOfGrey #MattBomer  
Pieced together another beautiful creation for me! Thank you ? can't wait for all of you to see it t  
me too Marta. I'm not over Christian Grey yet. Haha. I'm fonna re read the trilogy all over again. 
Haha! Haaaavey! RT An a day, keeps the doctor away! ? 
same. I don't think there ever will be :) 
thanks. Will look it up for sure! 
not yet! Haaavey? 
morning Direk!! 
we miss you! Come home na! 
Love it! RT go go go ANNEastasia! Dnt be late, remember "you aim to please!" we cnt afford not to see u:) 
one of my favorite books ever! 
Eeeeeep rushing to Showtime!!!! 
I love watching the Emmy's! Good morning everyone!!! 
Operation dead nail, worms & pimple. Fun and interesting night. Hahaha RT Hanging out  
Read most of your suggestions already except the John Green Books and Beautiful disaster? :) Thanks for the suggestions guys! 
I've read most of her books! Lalalalala looooove! And Jude deveraux!!! 
I feel bare with no book to read... Any suggestions as to what's a good book to snuggle and get cozy with on this rainy Sunday evening? 
Enjoying the Manila Sunshine! Love my new Celine Aviators which are now FINALLY available in Manila ?  
Game ako!!! :) RT Napanood niyo na ba yung commercial ni with  
Awww its been a year already? 2012 has gone by sooooo fast! Thank you girlies! And thanks for my  
very much! Didn't you? 
ditto!! 
Watching the UFC with the lost boys club Where art thou me ladies 
enjoy the steak and garlic for me mare!! 
P.S -is there a fourth book in the works? 

ANNEastasia Steele
Manila, Philippines. 
Actress, Host & Greysessed. 
Hello from the Philippines I have just finished reading the 50 shades trilogy and I  
Good morning! Happy Sunday!!! ? 
Lost in my own little bubble worh ahem ahem :p santiagoraymond's photo  
Pack up!! Looking forward to a free day later!!! Finally! I get to sleep in!!! ??? 
hahaha true! 
Ok back to reading 50 Shades Freed while waiting for setup. Laters, Baby.x 
Kids you are not allowed to read these books. That includes YOU :p 
That's what im reading now :) 
For those who are confused, read the 50 shades trilogy and get to know who Christian Grey really is. haha. (My fictional fiancee) 
hahaha oh yes! 
ANNEastasia is engaged to Christian Grey. Yes i am. Haha.  
Heard our latest SMART Commercial is out? You like? :) Gwapo ng mga kasama ko noh? 
Now off to shoot for A Secret Affair :) 
Taray ng worldwide! Hope you all enjoyed Sine mo to today! Thats just the beginning of a fun  
Aww thanks for watching Showtime my sweethearts! :) RT "@seyerell: trending si  
I don't want to end it yet. I'm going to take my time on this one. I'm going to miss him so much. Gahd. Hahaha 
I can't believe I finished 50 shades darker in a day.... So far it is my favorite. Up next is 50  
Just show this tweet at any branch and get it at P199 only +FREEBIE w/ every purchase! Till Sep 29 only! Go go my lipstick monsters! 
Attention! To all the lipstick monsters like me! Avon had a lipsmacking treat just for you! I love  
Good morning everyone! Sending you love peace and happiness on this sunny Saturday morning! See you all on Showtime in a bit! :) 
hahaha! It's from a boom in reading mum. Im in love with the fictional character Christian Grey ? 
Laters, Baby ? 
While I go to my pictorial I shall get lost in the world of ANNEastasia Steele and Christian Grey again. #50ShadesDarker 
The Showtime family loved the Spicy Ramen from Ryu Ramen :) Saaaaarappp! 
Definitely!!! RT hi anne, are you going to watch Perks Of Being a  
Haha! Nakoka ako dito! RT Ganda ni jusko kahit matalsikan lang ako ng  
Did he really start trending? Haha RT “@justineferrer: Lol. Christian Grey is  
well, thank you cutie. 
So many Christian Grey fans I see. Isn't it funny how we all have used our imaginations to put a  
Goodbye Edward Cullen. Hello Christian Grey. 
Hi I am ANNEastasia Steele. I love Christian Grey. 
Oh. Christian. Grey. 
Meet my character "Rafi" for my upcoming film.. Thankyou and for my hair & m  
Smile!!! ???  
Excited to see kung ano Gagawin ng Calma and Javier Family sa Hataw Kapamilya! 
Thanks for all your tweets about my outfit today! Jeans, sneakers and a happy happy joy joy cropped top! ? 
Cute ng Beki! Ang g-gwapo ha!!! :) 
Nakakaloka ung saya ng Showtime today!!! From Sine Mo to Tapos Ang Calma Family!!!! 
To all my baby dreamers out there! Gp for you dreams! RT #Annebisyosa --- really  
Kasi ganun din kayo na followers! Kaya lahat masaya!! Taaaamaaa? :) RT nakakagoodvibes ka tlga ms. Anne :) 
miss you too mama Cecil!!! :) 
I love Tokyo Posh at the :) it's my place of comfort! :) so I'm so happy I met you! 
I haven't heard kolokoy in forever!!! 
Happy Happy Birthday!!! ? Have an awesome day!!! 
I heard my concert is on PBO. Naku. Patay. Uulan nyan maya maya for sure! 
I wonder which team will be next? :) RT and it seems like ur everyone's  
Hahaha! Ako din this morning! RT LSS na ko san mig coffee jingle. but im always todo  
Won't let a day pass without sending you all Love, Peace & Happiness! ?#iamforPEACE 
hahaha. Seeecreeeet! 
Hahaha! Wow Kuya Kim ha! 
See you guys there! RT Anne Curtis is San Mig Coffee’s muse for PBA opening ceremonies |  
I'm happy to be the muse of a team that seems to be everyone's favorite! :) RT  
Just finished an early morning Swim! ? Time to get ready for Showtime! 
oo naman! Labyu too! 
heeeeey! Where are you guys??? 
I feel the same way when I look at my thinspirations!!! 
Just finished a late workout! ?I'm so ready to sleep... But I forgot I'm on call for taping pala later. Whoopsy! Goodluck to me! 
During a scene today with aka Bogs in Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw. ?  
Thank you for these customized phone cases :) ?  
hahahaha! Haaaavey! I love it!!! :) 
Hi everyone passing C5! I should start take pictures too! So when the day comes I'm no longer in  
Thank you to Hernan of salon :) RT I LOVE YOUR CURLS! ?  
Shirt is Neon peep shoesies are :) RT plain white tshirt  
Now on my way to Showtime! :) 
When brings me :) RT Hi When are you going to Visit  
I like to be real ? RT your tweets is insanely real and indeed a  
Sending out Love, Peace & Happiness today!!! ? 
I love Swatch! RT .@annecurtissmith you always look so killer! We're loving this look on  
Back to taping for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw today ?  
Good Morning! Taping for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw today before Showtime! :) 
It would be a dream to do a film where the scoring is by Sigur Rós ? 
The best album to put you to sleep/senti mood  
Maybe ill start that next year :) RT i hope that would have a fashion  
I will. Very soon! I promise :) RT I really wish that would have her own scent soon ? 
awww thank you!!! 
Natawa ako dto. Haha! :) RT that strip of road in C-5 around the bridge and elevated u-turns should be called AC-5 
Hahaha! Kaya kailangan mag San Miguel Coffee! :) RT "I am annebitious. I am annebitious. I AM ANNE-TOOOKK!" -@annecurtissmith 
I love Lona ? 
One thing I noticed about my work ethic, I'm a fast paced kind of girl. Chop chop chop. Work fast,  
I belong to you, you belong to me, my sweetheart... ??? 
Hahaha! Love it!! RT Ate 
i want to apologize too , sumabay din kasi ako eh :D 
I want to apologize. After hearing our dark dreamer sing Halo i started singing it too. Ayan na ang ulan. 
hahaha! I love it! :) 
It's Showtime!!! 
we ate there the other night! Super yummy!!! 
Done with my swim! Now time to get ready for Showtime! See you all in a bit! To the Madlang people watching today, get ready for some fun! 
Sending you Love, Peace and Happiness ? 
Good Morning! Up early to have a swim ? before Showtime ? Have an awesome Tuesday! 
My company on this rainy evening before heading to sleep. ???  
and I'd soooooo DIE!!! Hahahaha! Imagine if it was you singing in front of her! 
Sorry! It was a spur of a moment thing! I saw that place I was like omg omg omg. Hahaha. Seriously NO PRESSURE! 
hahaha! No pressure King!!! 
I wonder if I'd ever make it on to The Voice? Then again I also wonder what it would be like if I actually had a SINGING voice. Haha. 
I'm only getting a trim! :) 
Love both of you!! RT Repost from the beautiful inside and out ?  
Haircut time! At salon. I only trust Jing to cut my hair! :) 
Thankyou for my Rosé from Bordeaux! I can't wait to wine & dine!  
psssst Tracey and thank you my temper trap goodies! Love love love!!! 
Good Morning! Happy Monday! See you all on Showtime in a bit! :) 
Bloopers of the night Suspection. JAZZ ZINGER. 
On my way to pictorial for :) i'm excited to see the upcoming collection! 
This weather is making me crave spicy beef spare ribs and spicy ramen! I love HOT & Spicy food! ??? 
Hope you're all having a lovely Sunday! 
Hahaha! Haaavey!!! photo  
Finally home safe and sound. Drivers like that should not be on the road when it's slippery like  
Good evening/Morning The reckless driver with plate number PIE 327 almost got my car and  
already have it :) 
You guys are getting a preview of my rainy day weather playlist ? i'm such a music lover... I love music. ? 
One of the saddest songs I've heard written for someone is Casimir Pulaski Day by Sufjan Stevens.  
Imogen Heap's Hide and Seek ? ---Oily Marks appear on walls where pleasure moments hugs before.  
I'm thinking of some upcoming projects that will cater to the youth! :) 
Marian Rivera :) 
for clothing i still am!!! :) 
#ANNEtraffic I have once! I was dying when he took his first bite! 
Beyonce!!! 
:) 
I'm a Mac user :) 
Nov 18 :) 
you'll be finding out soon! I have a perfume line coming out with Bench :) 
Kate!!!! Happy happy birthdaaaaaaay!!!! 
me! :) 
can't and won't choose! :) 
hopefully! 
coffee for sure!!! 
she's ilocana. No I don't. I wish I could though!!! 
I have a driver today :) 
probably 14 or 15? :) 
the cure's Love Song :) 
Avon Lippy! Shades are different every day! 
moisturizer is a must!!! 
hahaha. No! 
Hala! #ANNEtraffic naman! As i always say when its traffic it's TweetTime :) Remember questions only! Shoot!! 
Latest album of The XX is LOVE. ? No need to skip through any tracks! 
Sana walang traffic on Edsa.... Please please!!!!! 
Thanks for the lunch ? love you! Welcome back! 
To workout or not to workout? Hmmmmm 
Heeeey sexy laaaaady! photo  
I'd like to share with you guys my newest TVC for San Miguel Coffee Super Packs  
I love this Mamang! photo  
Good Morning everyone! It may be a gloomy Saturday but keep those smiles on your face! You might be able to brighten someone's day! 
Reunited with my baby girl ?  
hahahaha!!! Miss you babe! 
Mama you so sexy! I love the white shorts! RT Playing golf at d backyard wd boots! 1982!!! Lol!!  
Miss you mama! photo  
Just thought i'd all let you know that I think is the BEST makeup artist in the world for me :) I love you mamang!X 
Exactly how i felt!! 
With Fashion designer, Peace Ambassador & the creator of my beautiful barong inspired terno ?  
For the peace of mind of his fans here's dashing actor & Peace Ambassador Gerald Anderson. (Zac Efron of the  
Coming up :) 
With Filipino's pride & fellow Peace Ambassador who flew in today for the ceremony. #iamforpeace  
With handsome baladeer I am. He is. WE are for PEACE. #iamforpeace  
Thank you my Father Dearest for accompanying me today during the inauguration for National Peace Ambassadors  
So happy to add that #iamforPEACE is trending in the Philippines. I hope we can make it a trend in real life  
#iamforPEACE I am a big dreamer and I dream for UNITY & PEACE in our country. Why are you for peace? 
#iamforPEACE I hope you my fellow country men are too. RT Nandito na din sa Rizal  
Will be going to Malacañang this morning for the inauguration of Peace Ambassadors. 
Early make up and hair with and :) Waitig for and Daddy. 
Just finished shooting with the gorgeous :) So happy she dared to take on this role! It's not  
Oh Ramon Bautista. You just made my day :) photo  
Hotness!!! louboutinworld's photo  
??? RT I love that my clients become my friends ? #lovemyjob 
It happens to the best of us! Hahaha! RT Videoke time! Tama ba na mamatay ang  
I still am!!! 
Awww i love this! Dreams do come true!!! RT i love the wallpaper of my lappy feat.  
Daya daya nyo!!! 
Hello 14 year old me. This was my first ever cover for a Glossy Magazine. Candy Mag 1999 :)  
Wow! Meet Anne 13 years ago! RT Candy magazine issue Novermber-december 1999 ..  
My underarm says hi!! :p hahaha RT And underarmy completes the day! 
Nautical ako today! :) 
love this! 
hahaha! Chicken joy for the win! True test indeed!! 
I can't wait to experience what you learn! :) 
Amen! RT This is the day the Lord has made; let us rejoice & be glad in it. -Psalm 118.24 
you ok mama? 
yes! I'm rushing there now! 
Good Morning Timmy starring as himself in the movie!!! :) RT At with  
Aww i love this. It's true. Twitter has somehow brought all of us closer together as friends and  
Now rushing to abscbn! Hope I make it in time for opening!!! :) 
Good Morning! On my way to the movie set before Showtime!!! :) Hope you're all having a lovely morning today! 
I find it funny when people post quotes with their pictures instead of their own words. :p 
Missed you guys photo  
Dinner with my loves ?  
Seeing all these tweets about a marriage proposal? Oh TV Patrol. Seriously? Haha. Don't worry guys. I'm not tying the knot anytime soon :) 
are we not worthy to run with you guys?!! 
Happy birthday :) Miss you!!! 
Hands up if you owned socks like these in high school! This is what you call "uso" dati :p  
Good Morning everyone! Off to have a quick swim before Showtime! :) See you all in a bit! 
So happy to read that there are fellow San Miguel Coffee lovers out there! Cheers!!! ? 
wow! Bon Voyage!!! 
miss you Joan! 
always good to see you! Loved your question!!! Haha :p 
Nakakaloka ung boses ko. Ang chaka. Hahaha! Bernadette inspite of my painful to the ears voice i'm  
Before the night ends I want to greet a very big big happy birthday to Sir :) Wishing  
San Miguel Coffee Packs Para Todo Listo Ka!  
Thank you so much San Miguel Coffee Super Packs for making me your newest endorser! ? So happy to be part of  
Film shoot today before I head over to a press launch for a new product I endorse which I happen to need every day! 
let's do our vid soon sir Marvin!!! 
Pilik-chu heaven! Thank you Mamang for my fab pasalubongs from Japan!!! :)  
Thank you for the delicious grilled beef and veggies today! Delish!! 
Korek! Araw araw handa akong gawin yan para sa inyong lahat! :) RT Para lang tong si  
yahoo!!! Can't wait! I just have a shoot! If I'm done early you're the first person in going to see! 
Ang saya saya ni Lola! One of the bet to have joined Sine Mo To so far! :) 
Thank you so much for this cutie pie gift!!! ? I love it so much! Kakagigil!!!  
Thank you for this :) I am humbled to read such kind words. It's people like you that inspire me to  
Nat Geo is such a good channel. I always learn something. 
Watching the last days of Osama bin laden on Nat Geo is giving me goosebumps. 
I actually read that with their accent. 
Hope you guys enjoyed! 
thunder is rumbling over Manila. Keep dry and safe my lovely sweethearts!!! 
Perfect! Except my name does not have MARIE part of it. 
Good Morning everyone!! Morning workout before Showtime today. Must get my body used to it again! you are my peg this year! 
Yummy food!!!! ? photo  
Done with work! Thank you Mommy :) 
Now off to a dinner date! :) 
Oh my! I didn't expect this Maryann! Its about time :p haha! Bagay! “@theresepoblador: Perfect Sunday  
Jeff Buckley's Last Goodbye is probably one of the most painful songs ever. 
My Mamang Happy Happy Birthday!! ? I love you and so happy for everything you've achieved! Have the best day ever! 
penge! 
I love that I memorize Natalie Imbruglia songs until now and loves her too! 
My favorite Posh Nails girl Luz :) Love her to death coz not only is she super good but she DPIXL Studios  
Taaaaraaaaay ni Maryann!!! :) “@meancurtissmith: My ultimate idol:)  
I'm so in love with my sunnies! To think they were a last minute purchase in Paris! Now, after a lovely Sund  
I'm so in love win my sunnies! To think they were a last minute purchase in Paris! ? Had the most relaxing S  
Pods may be the best creation ever made!!!! Thank you I love you Mum!!!  
Now this is a happy Sunday breakky. I will have a very happy belly today! #cheatday  
congratulations Kuya Kim!!! 
hahahaha! I love this! “@pagefANNEatic: Peg mo rin ba yung Body shot na toh ?? :)  
cuuuuuuutieeeee! 
She is my body peg this year! “@callmeKHRISTIA: thought it was .-  
hahaha taba. 
I want to die. Actually I'm dying of envy right now. I love her so much quark. So much. Gahd. 
Good Morning and a happy Sunday to all of you!!! 
happy birthday Soliel!!!! 
This weather is making me want to have a chill night with good music, biccies, cold cuts and some delish cheese. 
Happy 7th Birthday to my super cute godson Jules!!!!! ?  
Happy Saturday! Fun colours for a fun day! ????  
Healthy breakfast today from :) 
Hi what's happening on Edsa NB. Traffic seems to be a lot slower today. 
Happy birthday to the mother of the children of the corn :) I love you sooooo much!!! 
Good Morning everyone! What a beautiful sunny Saturday!!! See you all on Showtime later!! :) 
It's finally out! My latest SMDC commercial! You are all the first to get to see it! ?  
Ryan Gosling Coloring Book  via 
Got a message from my mommy today. I miss her so much! I wish we lived closer together! You will always be t  
Ganda mo kagabi!! 
I missing having a Racks, Fluxxe or a Happy Mondays night. Is there really no place left in Manila that plays good music? :( 
laughter, giggling, messages, gifts and the greatest gift of all... LOVE! Thank you to each and everyone of you! I love you guys!! ? 
I can't believe it's been 8 years!!!! My lovely loyal thank you ? Thank you for everything. All the support, smiles, tweets, 
After drinking the suka! Gusto ko tuloy mag green mango and suka! Asim-ness is my favorite! 
SM Megamall, Gateway, Mall, Resorts World. ;)  
Check out the stores at Edsa Shangrila, MOA, Robinson's Place Ermita, Festival Mall, Glorietta..  
Love my Family! “@I_am_Shari: My Diamond Dream Collection  
Oh swimming I shall perfect you one day! Thank you Coach and Baby Dash for the swimming date/lesson this morning! ? 
? “@erwanjheussaff: Always the best date  
Happy Birthday ?  
Happy Birthday ?  
please bring me home a bottle of Bordeaux Rosé :) The best I've ever tasted was from there! 
Aww thank you for all the hashtag mentions sweethearts!!!! ? 
Happy happy birthday to the Sea Princess and the funkiest triathlete I know ? 
if you haven't seen it already i suggest you all go to the cinema and watch it now :) Sir Eddie Garcia did a superb performance! #Bwakaw 
Watched Bwakaw last night. What a refreshing film for Philippine Cinema. It was a quiet, moving and straight to the heart story being told. 
Thank you Oishi for sending and I some yummy snacks. I'm definitely Little Pea and he is Mis  
Finally ?  
Hi from Catwom-Anne. Thanks photo  
sneakers in usually a 6 1/2 so it's always the first size to run out :( 
This inspired me to today since I'm a pursuer of dreams. Wanted to share it with all my fellow dreamers out  
lucky you ate! I've had no success finding them yet! :( 
if there's a producer that brings me in! :) 
Happy happy birthday :) Have a day filled of happiness!!!! 
kooooooreeeeek. I miss you and my little Olivia. 
Tweet traffic ba? My tweets are only going through now ? 
Good Morning! Rise and shine! Having a quick coffee then off to do a quick workout then quickly get ready for Showtime! Quickquickquick ???? 
Who would've thought the day would come that I would cycle/workout to Chicane's Love on the run. ??? 
Excited to watch Bwakaw tonight!!! :) 
Come here and get them :p 
Fashioned by Nature :)  
Today is my day of happiness! Happiness in a pint. Cake Batter with sprinkles Pinkerton ice cream! Thank you  
My favorite Lollies growing up! Thank you ?? #DayofHappiness  
My favorite Lollies growing up! Thank you ?? #DayofHappiness  
My favorite Lollies growing up! Thank you ?? #DayofHappiness  
Happiness in a bag!!! Thank you ???  
Now what to do today. Have to p,an my errands properly and traffic wisely since I'll be driving myself today. 
Finally awake!!!! Was able to pig out on yummy Thai food and ice cream. I think I deserve to treat myself after a long night of work! 
I did! Thank you! 
Pack up!!!!!! Thank you Lord for another fun tvc! Ang gwapo ng mga kasama ko!!!x Goodnight!!! 
someone should make them happen again :) 
It's shoots like tonight's I'm happy I have my gumboots with me! 
My love ???? ms_audreyhepburn's photo  
thank you!! :) 
salon photo shoot ?  
hahahaha! Hi!!! :) 
At a new tvc shoot!!!! :) 
Thank you ate for my Real Coffee muffins! They are the bomb!!!!  
I can't believe Zac Efron is actually coming to Maaaaanilaaaaa! 
I can't wait! I love Bea! :) “@Roxy_Liquigan: THE MISTRESS September 12 in cinemas nationwide!:)” 
thanks Cat!!! :) 
Having coffee in the morning is important to me to kick start my energy for Showtime!!! :) 
yoga is safe :) but nothing hard core. 
yes puhhhhhleeeeease!!! 
Can't wait to watch this!!!! “@dcarlomen: The 2012 CINEMALAYA hit BWAKAW commercial run starts tom sept5!!  
Good morning everyone! Just finished a light workout! Time to get ready for Showtime then off to a tvc shoot later! Busy bee today! 
Hearing shimmer reminds me of a time when RACKS was the place to be to listen to good LIVE alternative rock music & drink with friends. 
Preparing for a sad scene with ?  
Hey guys! Please welcome to twitter and instagram my angel of 14 years! The one and only Mary Ann Ontay aka ??? 
Morning freshness earlier with & Monchichi :) Beach scenes Day  
Good Morning from Batangas! Shooting Beach scenes Day 2!!! 
hahahaha! Korek! So mama Monchi Ang laugh trip. Walang nagbago! Misss you Jayweeeee! 
Hahahaha! Oldify! santiagoraymond's photo  
Oh Mashed Potatoes why do I have to love you soooooooooooooo much?!!! 
Dinner break with Maryann & Monchichi!  
I want this mask!!! _thecoolhunter_'s photo  
We have a little hermit crab visitor on our set today. ???  
Morning run! We have hottie pacer to help us! :)  
Love the lyrics of XGF! Watch it! “@yaelyraz: Check out our new music video #XGF featuring Chito Miranda and Los Magno  
? “@I_am_Shari:  featured in Sponge Cola's "XGF" music video.” 
Work time! Shooting na! Busy, fun, Sunday!!! 
I'm here too!! :) I shoulda joined the kids since I'm still at their running level! Hehe! 
Now time to shower and wait for to get back from his 21km run! Unbelievable! 
Sneaky! “@Thecoconams: The only proof that I saw she's working out while I took a ride to beach club  
Yey! 5.5km in 35mins! Not bad for someone who hasn't been for a long run since the start of 2012! I wish I had more days like today! 
On my way to Batangas with :) Can't wait for beach and sun tomorrow! Work & play! ?? 
here there cute girly CANDY phone!  
also has a tablet already! I introduce the Tornado.  
Cute cases for the W900 ANNEdroid :)  
To all those tweeting asking if I'll attend the Star Magic Ball tonight. Unfortunately I won't. I'm  
Having a kissy kissy moment with Thei John. son is the cutest!!!  
With the Corpuz Babies!!!! Cuuuuutie pies!!! Abbi and Thei John!  
good morning to you too!! 
Aww just saw the preview for "if only" I cried so much when I saw that movie!! 
Thank you! Was good to see you too!!! P.S your truffle fries are to die for!!!x 
Hey I heard you like the wild ones! Will be thinking of you and ? miss you both!!! 
Good Morning everyone! See you all on Showtime! Doing the opening number with Billy Boy! Channeling Sia today!!! 
Read about the earthquake.... Hope everyone is safe.. 
Calling all the glamorous women who love to party in style. Its ladies night tonight 
Oh my! I'm so proud of you :) Just saw you on Xfactor!!! 
Dinner with :) yum yum!!!! 
With or without you is a song I will always sing along to. ALWAYS. 
can't wait! 
For sure!!! “@DOTPhilippines: Dreaming Big. It's More Fun in the Philippines! #annebisyosa  
With the boys of ?#XGF Vote for it on MYX! can't wait to watch it!!!!  
I cant wait to see it!!!! RT So, it's !!! Nice one !!! Pak na pak!!!! #SpongeColaXGF 
Excited to see the premiere of Spongecola's latest music video XGF at 3pm on MYX!!!! 
big hug!!! 
Rushing to Showtime!!!!!! See you all in a bit!!!! 
I met the hottest mama and cutest baby boy this morning! Thankyou for today! See you and baby dash soon! ? 
think of meeeee.... Think of me fondly when we've said goooodbyyye!! One of my fave plays ever!!! 
Let's Unite as one against hunger. 12 Hour Famine. September 29, 2012 The Skydome at SM North Edsa. Follo  
Follow and visit their website  for updates and find out how you can join us! :) 
Sign up & register for P350.00 and join the fight against hunger. Your 12 hours of hunger will be able to feed a child. 
Do you want to be a hunger-fighter?  Join us on September 29, 2012 for the 12 hour Famine at the SM North Skydome. 
I believe that too! “@curt04: I believe na lahat ay marunong kumanta, nasa attitude lang -Louie Ocampo” 
I actually like a lot of Drake's song! Been a looooooooong time since I likes anything hiphop/r&b. 
Yey! My diet arrived! Dieting for beach scenes start tomorrow! :) 
Ok enough of that. hahaha. Time to start getting ready for shooting... and dinner with the boy :) 
Toddler Air Jordan 5 Retro Wolf Grey  via 
Louboutin Neon Pigalle Pumps  via 
Lightboy Lightwall by Polaboy  via 
Studimo Shelf System  via 
YSL Raffia Clutch  via 
YSL Tribute Bootie  via 
High Top Sneakers by Isabel Marant  via 
Decorative Brass & Silver Skulls  via 
Officially a fan of the ? 
Mehrzeller Multicellular Caravan  via 
Siro Twist Dog Bed  via 
Wrapped Twin Skull Ring by Alexander McQueen  via 
UNITED ARROWS x Adidas Originals Rod Laver Vin Espadrille  via 
Illuminated City Lights Globe  via 
Vintage Giant Scrabble Set  via 
wearing high waist shorts from F&H today! “@parisianchiq: Why do i love ? It's because if this ?” 
coo coo girl! “@amitaFfatimA: Capturing the -adorable-crazy-gorgeous miss ..#ReasonWhyIWatchShowtime  
haha! Wow! Naaaaks naaamaaaan! Thank you!!! 
Excited to see our guest replacement for vice while he is away! Suuuuuurrrpriiiisssse! 
Delish!!! 
Uh-oh. 11:10 and i'm still on Edsa. I think I'm going to sport the wet hair look on Showtime today! :p 
Hahaha! Enjoy! RT Stalking Instagram. 
Love this Jorge! :) RT Where have u been..... With  
niño!!!! I love gummy bears!!!!! Kaka happy sya!! 
Good Morning! Granola and organic gummy bears for breaky!! :) weird mix but super yummy! Happy happy joy joy  
hoy ka rin 
I'm so happy I was given the chance to see Mumford&Sons LIVE!!!!! 
Yes! I dont just play i sing it! RT LOL! anong sabi ng #NOWPLAYING sa #NOWSINGING ni ! Bet na bet! 
#nowsinging I only wanna be your one life stand. Tell me do you stand by your maaaaan by Hot Chip ? 
sana magkawork kami again :) 
Uh-oh. Sorry guys. I was singing Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw at the top of my lungs kanina. Ayan umuulan. 
Having a Sandwich for lunch!!!! :) 
Enrique Gil is such a cutie!!! Ahem ahem.. Parang bagay..... hehehe! Just Kidding! :p #feelingcupid 
Boyish Wednesday. Wearing my super cute polka dot denim shirt. Paul Hueman eyeglasses. Swatch  
hahahaha!!! Haaaaavey!!!! 
See you all on Showtime!!! :) 
We have a little visitor on our set. Hello Edward Cullen.  
This I do :) RT Jesus replied: Love the Lord your God with all your heart & with  
Morning everyone! En route to taping for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw so early in the morning! Medyo farness ang location today! ? 
goodnight! Thanks for tonight ? 
thank you tito. It's been 5 years but each year I keep missing her more and more. 
Your body may be gone forever but your spirit will never die. You are our little angel.. Your big sister wil  
Remembered you today our sweet Clare Bear. We lost you 5 years ago but I know you will forever be our guardi  
waaaaah!! I'm soooo sad!!!!!!! I hope she comes to Asia!!!! 
yes! I'll be emailing/phoning you very soon. We have to settle this before September ends!!! 
love :) “@dhiell03: How i wish after i drink #Athena kamukha na kita haha lol :))  
Dad- Present time. Anne- 50 years from now. Thanks for the oldify app! Hahahahaha!!!  
Thank you for this yummy leche flan treat! ?  
I want to meet Zac Efron :( #crush 
How true is it that Zac Efron is coming to the Philippines? Whoever started this rumor YOU are cruel. 
online!!!! 
Good Morning everyone!!! 
Laid back Tuesday. Outfit for today. Kooples top. Denim shorts. SUPER sunnies. YSL High Top  
Hernan & Jeremiah of Velvet Salon doing my hair for a wedding scene for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw! Paaa  
NO Marie :) 
- Kent - 747 - a song I will forever and ever love..... 
Taray! Maryann Curtis and Alvin Aquino! alvingagui's photo  
cute cute! “@kaloymanlapus: Got my very first Back Issue Orders.. dami ko pang bubuno-in ate ! :">  
sad but true! “@jedmadela: I do not understand why some bus drivers pass their driving exams(or did they even take them?)Sobrang barumbado!” 
awww thanks Bea! Miss you!!!x 
I'd rather have work than have nothing at all. Work is a blessing! :) 
Such a beautiful day outside. It's days like these that I wish we got a holiday too when one is declared. Thats life. 
On my way back to taping for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw! See you ate and :) 
Thanks to the for passing by Showtime today! Sherill, Bigeyl, Clay, Aaron, Wowa and :) ? 
nope :) 
??? “@BiboyJArboleda: sa taping of Kailangan ko'y Ikaw today  
Here we go!!' it's Shooooooowtime!!! 
sorry naman! My teenage years were purely The Corrs on repeat! :) 
thank you! Sweetness!x 
The Corrs! :) “@fosterthepeople: Thunder only happens when it's raining..players only love you when they're...” 
Thank you my SMDC family for letting us shoot in the showroom today even if it's a holiday! You guys are really "the good guys" 
Craving some corned beef today!!! :) 
On my way to Showtime! See you guys there! To the Madlang Showtimers at home tune in na! See you at 11:30 :)  
?“@ericjohnsalut: with KKI EP AP Emerald Silvestre and Michelle at the set of KKI now.  
Getting my hair done by Hernan of Velvet Salon! Grabe! Blower pa Lang PAKAK na! ?  
awww thank you for the love!! 
good thanks! Yourself? :) 
Gorgeous! The place we call HOME! “@yamlaranas: The Beauty of the Philippines in 50 Stunning Photos  
Happy birthday Mamang!!! :) 
thank you Sir Eric John! 
So far every morning I've heard Katy Perry's song that starts of with "I'm wide awake" it's so nice!!! 
Good Morning everyone! Up this early to tape for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw! :) 
thank you :) 
hahaha that's cute. This tweet is for you then :) 
I have one in pink and red :) but because you commented on our scrabble pic.. Tsk Tsk. 
To the couture queen of sparkle & shine Happy Birthday!!!! Wishing you dazzling day from across the miles! Love, Annebisyosa 
Happy birthday :) Hoping you had a blast on your birthday! Wishing you all the best in life, love & business!x 
Thank you to everyone that came out and sang with me at Resorts World Manila! Happy 3rd Anniversary Resorts Worls Manila!!!! 
Congratulations for opening your Velvet Salon!! Guys come visit his latest salon on the 5th floor  
See you all in a few hours for Resorts World Anniversary Party! :) 
See you all at Resorts World later!!!! Happy Anniversary Resorts World! 
BBQ at the Heussaff's!!!!  
After so long of not working out I'm so happy I got to this morning! Thanks to my personal trainer  
getting pretty dresses from people I love makes me happy too! :) 
I died this morning! RT The suffer fest weight and cardio hiit Erwan workout  
I'm signing off. Planning to work out after many months of doing nothing tomorrow morning!!! Goodnight my lovely followers!xx 
She is doing this to raise funds for WORLD VISION and help feed families. You can donate here  :) 
for social awareness to her followers. She is going without food, bed. eye sight and internet for 40 hours. 
So proud of my baby sister for being part of such a noble cause and doing the 40hour Famine. It is a great opportunity 
awwww yes that's correct! 
Waaaah! What can I do? The Corrs! =Emily and T.G.I.S #earlyshowbizdays :) 
Thankyou so much my Fanily for a wonderful evening! Hope you enjoyed the evening with Annebisyosa! 
Araneta & we are ready!!! Thank you & for my fANNEtabulous look tonight! ?  
Good morning :) See you in a bit!  
Thanks medyo pang bagets masyado! Thank you all the same for sending it to viva!!  
Hong Kong! Annebisyosa will be there on November 18 at Charter Park 5pm! :) brought to you by :) 
OH my goodness! ??? RT ang yaman ko pagnakikita ko collection ko!!! #proudf2  ??” 
One of the sweetest things ever made for me. Thank you & for this beautiful song ?  
so Nice to see you again!!! Thank you for my Oreos!!!! 
so far wala :) make kulit producers there!!! 
LOVE! “@alfranzM: and natalie portman looks so identical, right??? #identical #natalieportman #twins  
Yey!!! RT My idol ? ? I'll try this Athena 'coz she is the endorser. ?  
November 18 po ung concert in Hong Kong! RT Hello when is your concert sa hong kong po??? Thanks :) 
Yes! Party party tayo!!! RT hey anne! Sa RWM ka ba kakanta bukas?  
Awww thank you sweety :) RT am a living proof tht wht u say s  
Fun times on Showtime! RT Habang tumatagla lalong gumagaling ah! Ms.@annecurtissmith!  via 
hi uncle Anthony! Long time no see!!!! Dad is getting discharged today! Hi to ate Marilyn! 
Me too!!! I cant wait for Annebisyosa in Hong Kong!! RT Soo excited for  
So happy to be part of the prestige lineup of concerts held here at Araneta. Baby dreamers, believe me DREAM  
Self-portrait. Self effort today for my makeup. Not too bad of job I say. Pat on the back. I will perfect th  
Praise God!!! My daddy is out of the hospital!!! Thank you for all your prayers my prayer warriors! 
I want one!!! RT Enjoy UNLIMITED #SmartLTE surfing when you subscribe to Smart LTE Plan 3500! Get one now.  
congratulations! Still looking as beautiful as ever! 
Fun fun episode of Showtime today! Kulit ng contestants! Sa sobrang Waley nagging haaaaaavey!!! 
So true and sad. Choose your friends wisely! RT Some people will smile with you in public but in private.. will sabotage you. 
Just saw the trailer of the psycho-horror Amorosa! I want to watch it! Lets all watch on aug 29 under skylight films! 
Starring Ms Angel Aquino, Enrique Gil, Martin del Rosario & Empress! Can't wait to to watch Amorosa! :) 
ladies, get your earplugs & singing voices ready! Annebisyosa is back at Araneta tonight! ? Can't wa  
Araneta! I'm baaaaack! Good Morning Ladies ?Good Morning Angels!  
Daddy is sick :( Please pray for that he get well soon and for healing of his body so he can get out of the  
Amber -a song on my rainy day playlist 
Good morning Avon tomorrow! “@AvonPH: is having an Annebisyosa mini concert for #abAvonNascon2012 and we can't wait!:)” 
you lie! ? “@erwanjheussaff: Are you going to tell everyone that I'm beating you in scrabble as we speak? 
Oh John Mayer. You and your voice. 
yes I would be game. If the script is worth the gamble :) 
whenever I can :) 
Yes. Our province ha in Pangasinan :) 
not yet! I'm excited to read it though! 
all the time! :) 
trying to learn! 
:) 
4-5 hours ? 
have a business and family :) (not any time soon though) :p 
Nope :) 
everything :) 
6-61/2 :) 
See you all on Sunday! Ill be singing for all of you to celebrate the anniversary of Resorts  
We built this city... We built this city on rock and roll!!! I remember listening to this over my  
nope. I'm going to visit my daddy instead. :) 
Any suggestions what we should call or traffic tweet time? Tweet it to me! 
Traffic on the way to Pampanga. Guess I have loads of time to answer your questions then guys! Till my phone dies! :) Remember, Questions! 
On my way to visit my daddy... Keep safe and dry everyone! 
sana kasama din ako sa events abroad! Haha 
Huwow. Limited Edition Blackcurrant Mentos! Thank you Mama. ?I love you!  
My peg for today. Audrey Hepburn. Thank you pinksider_gs for the casing ? I love Audrey forever.  
Hello :) nice to meet you! First of many meetings to come! ?  
Welcome to the Twitter World MVP! :) “@meralco: Meralco Chairman MVP is now on Twitter. Follow him at #immapMVP #IMMAPSummit2012” 
? “@cherrymobilePH: Thanks for loving & :) Both are good role models --- beautiful people inside and out!” 
Good Morning everyone!!!! 
On set for my latest film. Thank you and for my look today! ?  
? “@rajolaurel: Let me figre it out! #fairyfashionmother mode on! I just might have something up my sleeve!” 
abot kaya? I was lucky last time because you had an extra dress :( 
Do you want Freedom?  
And shooting also with D man ? Welcome back!!!! 
Shooting with and today! ? 
So sad. I just got my invite for the Fashion Ball! I don't think there's time anymore to have something made :( 
Now on my way to shooting for my latest film. ? 
Thank you :) So proud and happy to be part of the family! RT To  
Pssst can you dm me details! :) 
To my Argentina Corned Beef Family! Thank you so much for sending over 60 boxes for Sagip Kapamilya! There a  
cute!! “@yssayanna: hi nurse anne from nurse yssa. Thanks for wearing our uniform.  
hi! I miss you guys!!! 
I think I have to start dieting again!!! :) 
what makes you say that Sir Rudy??? :) 
Butong Pakwan! “@elisacarretero9: ano kaya yung kinakain ni ? #curious” 
Happy birthday to our very own Eruuuuuuption ?  
I love that until now whenever you guys catch No Other Woman on TV, it always ends up trending. Kilig. Big k  
If there's one thing I know I love so much it's..... EATING!!!! ??????????? 
Date night. Trying a new restaurant out tonight. ?? 
At salon :) love it here!!! 
But then again i'm also sooooooo hungry. Any suggestions of where and what to eat??? 
Im sooooo sleepy!!!! 
they're super yummy too Timmy tam! That's what I'll call you from now on! 
I just ate the last piece :( I have cherry ripes if you like!!! 
my mama in oz! Next time Jas comes home I'll ask for dark chocolate. 
Serious Damage. Thanks Mum. ?  
nice to see too Caca!!!! :) 
Oh no.. think I'm getting sick again :( Late nights and segues aren't easy for me anymore! 
i'm reading revelations. So scary! 
awww! Hahaha thanks! 
cutie cute!!! 
thanks mama! You're so pretty! I love you!! 
hi mama! I'm still at work! 
Yummy pig out night with Monchichi & Maryann Curtis-Smith :) 
LOVE this! “@kuyakim_atienza: here's and his favorite &most beautiful "tita"  
Shooting with for the first time tonight. Major scene agad-agad! I'm so excited!!! ? 
My arvo snack. Thanks to my mum & Vhongski for my "baon-able" Vegemite!  
Craving Tinola again today. :( 
Condolence to the Robredo Family “@pcdspo: Please continue to use the unified hashtag #salamatjesse for condolences&messages of remembrance” 
Good Morning everyone! Rushing my butt over to Showtime!!! 
hahahaha! Yum yum! Where are they from?? 
Whoops I mean later pala. Isang malaking goodluck sa energy! ? 
Late night pack up. Can't wait to get some sleep!! Showtime and shooting for my new film tomorrow! 
? “@MarilynMonroeID: Be with someone who knows what they have, when they have you.” 
Another look for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw! :) “@bangpineda: KKI Taping! ?????  
From Scrubs to a Cuban Waitress. #KailanganKoyIkaw  
Fun episode of Showtime today!!!! Now back to taping for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw. I wonder what they'll make me wear next? Haha 
“@BiboyJArboleda: taping Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw today. salamasteh EP Marissa Kalaw for this photo.  
hahaha it's my outfit sa Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw taping this morning. I didnt change na. Now on my way back there. 
Showtime babies! Joy & Baby Red!  
Nakakatawa ung Call time today!!! Hahaha 
On Duty. At your beck & call today. #Showtime  
Happy birthday to the man behind Have an awesome day! ? 
Today I am your Showtime nurse/caregiver ? 
thanks to ? “@behavegen: Ang ganda ng hair ni sa Showtime! Love it! Magaya nga :))” 
thank you!! :) 
Yep! Hopefully join one day! 
Yes! After watching all those ironman videos with him! And after talking to Ms Maricel Laxa-Pangilinan! 
hahaha! Actually! I just don't know if theres a trainer for each sport? Or all in one! :p 
you look like a pro in your pic. Maybe you can suggest someone? :) 
yes! I want to try! Inspired after watching everyone in Cebu! 
Haha d pwede and guys! Even they have their own trainers!!! 
I totally agree bebe girl! 
Have to find a personal trainer for swimming, biking & running? Anyone know anyone? :) ??? 
Now on my way to Showtime! Still I character from my role in Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw. Surprise kung ano!!! :) 
my prayers are with you... ? 
where we you guys? We had a little get together at Marco Polo after? 
I'll also be on Showtime though!! :) 
good morning!!! Aymishu!!! 
To all those who get to have a long weekend! Lucky you! You get to sleep in!!!! 
Good morning everyone. Up early to tape for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw! :) Hope you all have a happy week ahead of you! 
hahahaha! I love this tweet! 
I saw him in Cebu! Such a cutie!!! 
Jewel on the radio. I love her songs. I love her voice. 
hahaha Migs!!! Who called you that?! 
The fluffyness of the robes at Chi Spa are such a delight. I want to own one. 
Yes! It's a Sunday! Love you ate! Enjoy ze pizza!! 
Butete was nickname! Not mine! 
hahahaha!!! Because that your nickname! Bawal I-deny! 
yes butete! :p “@denden_denden_: Do u and have a Pinoy childhood nickname? Like Balong, Totoy, Nene, Ineng” 
Ang haba ng haaaaair! So happy for you!!! ? 
Delayed flight. Air Philippines why? :( 
Thank you so much Sophie for this cutie doll named Toffee! She said she wants to give it to me so I'll alway  
Good morning Davao! See you at SM Davao for a meet and greet at and ? it's a beautiful Sunday! 
girl! Im gonna make pa color before he leaves!!! 
where are you? I want to go to your gig? 
Thankyou so much Davao! Happy Kadayawan Festival!!! 
Here we go Davao!!!! Let's do this!!! Kantahan na!!! 
See you very soon!! RT can't wait to see you lataaaaaah! ?  
Yahooo!!! RT 2 tix to 's concert later!! Suuuuuuppppeeeeerrrrr  
Parang bagay ang new song ko na Basang basa sa ulan later. Yes, kakanta po ako ng Aegis later with matchig Halik! Davao! Sabayan nyo ako ha! 
Lagot. Talak. Haha 
yahoo! See you there. 
Hahaha! Ayun! Kaya magdala ng PAYONG!!!! RT Kaya makulimlim kasi over saturated na  
See you all the USEP gym later at 8pm! Dala kayong ha. Feeling ko uulan ulit! Nag Soundcheck Lang ako makulimlim na! 
Soundcheck. I think I look hipster legit for a music festi. Hahaha! F na F!  
Soundcheck. I think I look hipster legit for a music festi. Hahaha. F na F!!!  
Team Annebisyosa in Davao!  
Davao are you ready? Annebisyosa will be seeing you tonight! (Oh aaaaminin mukha Davao City, Philippines  
Touchdown Davao. I'm a walking zooooombiiiie. Need sleep. Must have all the energy later for my lovely Davaoeños!!! 
Masyado masaya yata si Maryann sa kanyang position sa bus.  
DAVAO Bound ? Annebisyosa is on her way!!!  
goodnight ate!!! Sweet dreams!!! 
Pack up! Had a super fun day at taping today for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw with ate. & Kuya Ian! ? 
Thaaaat's life!!! “@alvingagui: byyyyyyeeeee & dyosa "that's life!!!" ???  
see you choomorrow!!!! 
Davao I'm so exciiiiiiiteeeeed! “@robbiepinera: Annebisyosa Davao! See you all tomorrow! #excited  
Now working with :) -Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw taping = Pigout Friday! right ate? Thaaaaat's Life!!!! 
OMG hello 15 year old me!!! ? “@maitamaitita: angela kind of creeps me out  
Thank you for the beautiful dress I wore last night to Sir Gabby's party ?  
Haan! 
Gooooo!! :) RT Im freakin out!i have to be in my best pink tom! See u  
Hahaha! Amen to this! I love this! Soooo me! RT RT Just because I  
Congratulations the whole team! Definitely a biggie for tourism! ? Lets keep on showing how fun  
ME!!!! RT We can't hear you!!! Who wants to watch ColdPlay live in Manila??? 
It's Magic KINGDOM the sequel i believe of Magic Temple :) RT Just watched Magic  
#Trivia "Bait" was actually the nickname of my Lola. Right mama? RT  
Hi from Princess Dahlia ? RT ang galing ni as princess dahlia! kakatuwa siya panoorin  
I'm so honored! Another reason why I love my baby brother!!! LEVEL!!! Hahaha ? RT  
Yipeee!!! RT Yes, im going :)  
Happy happy birthday to my beautiful & not to mention SUPER sexy handler ? I loooooove you Moooooother Therese! 
hahaha pweeeedee!!! 
hahaha! We didn't!!! :) 
Thank you for my uber duper fab hair today!!!! Nice to meet you girl!!!! Till next time! :) 
READ THIS :) “@SMARTCares: Smart Postpaid Freedom Plan: Who is it for, really? /via  #SmartFreedom” 
On my way to taping for Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw before Showtime!!! It's going to be a long day! 
happy she liked it!! :) 
too bad! I had to leave would've joined you for a glass! :) 
I can't wait!!! “@rudyvillar: malapit na.  
St.Lucia's Closer Than This is LOVE. #nowplaying 
hahaha. Yes he is. 
New look. Fringe. ?  
sporting the Katniss Everdeen braid. ? I miss reading the hunger games.  
Thankyou for he pic you gave me!! :) 
A countdown to Annebisyosa hits Davao! 2 more sleeps!! See you guys at USEP Gym, August 18 at 8pm! Let's sing, dance & go crazy together!!! 
hahahaha! Profile pic na yan! 
haha! Will do! 
I love them!!! 
Reebok EasyTone Pride Trainers  via 
Isabel Marant Suede Blue Tongue High-Top Sneakers  via 
I miss target!!!! I didn't get to go last visit ko!!! 
Good morning! Time for some brekky and some coffee to jump start my day! I'm sooooooooo excited to EAT!!!! 
Galoshes by SWIMS  via 
hi Kate! Yes I have that book already :) 
A glass of red wine & the perfect playlist is the best way to have a relaxing evening don't you think? 
Mercedes G Wagon  via 
Yey!!! Can't wait!!! 
yummy!!!!! 
Happy to have the night off. Hmm what to pig out on? I'm craving some hot chips! 
snapshot ?  
Can't wait!!!! “@AvonPH: Can we get a sneak peek? :) RT Doing Moodboards for the next shoot! 
Follow ? Useful to follow for announcements on holidays, class suspensions & other information about what the government is doing. 
ako merong UNIQUE VOICE! 
balik ka na Lang kasi sa Amin :( 
Ay Ay Ay! Ang Ganda naman nyan!!!! Share naman!!! 
pwede din sayo to :) “@joelleMmonfi: Me, in this heat.  
I wish Haha I think we're Gonna get at least 5 weeks closed before we air as our schedules are all very hectic we want to be safe 
Cge Lang. Pilitin mo lang. 
host na host Lang! “@Smokey_Manaloto: at the location for #KailanganKoyIkaw .  
I love this!!! :) “@SMAccessories: "Everyone’s a star and deserves the right to twinkle." ~Marilyn Monroe” 
Good Morning Davaoenos! Any suggestions for the best restaurants in your home city? :? 
Naku po. I forgot to bring a jacket :( Of you're about to leave the house don't forget to bring one! It looks like ou'll be need it today! 
I love nelly furtado's song TRY although it's from her album way back! I wonder who she wrote it for? Hahaha 
It's raining hard again! Keep safe and dry my sweethearts!  
yes te ng bonggang bongga! Pamasaha and all! 
Good morning!!!! See you all on Showtime!!! 
Yahoo! See you on Saturday!!! “@iAmRenen: got my VIP ticket!see you  
dahil dyan bigay mo na camera mo sa akin! 
Anne likes this!!! “@Smokey_Manaloto: Saw this while checking my flash card. Noice Pic ! :)  
he's so cute! 
